Rip beautiful soul

Rip

Omg! Such a brilliant chap! Would have been a Nigerian success had she lived!

No way dear,   Nigeria is not made for saints to thrive 
She was already a MEDICAL DOCTOR. 
She's already got the brilliance & charisma. 
It's obvious,   she was neva a product of quota system.
 you could imagine a patient being entirely aware of her condition as well as its respective treatment modalities.
She addressed an entire moderation on the rudiments of Blood Malignancies. Meanwhile,   Nigerians keep begging their president to address the nation. 
LAI MOHAMMED
who is never aware of anything,   yet the Minister of Information,   should also borrow a Leaf from this young Lady....who was already practically involved in her own management and knew almost the entire protocol including the genetic mapping. 
who is never aware as well,   should also listen and learn from her.
Until we start getting reasonable people into political offices,   Nigeria will still remain a MIRAGE

This Life no balance. rest in peace Shining star.

God.... I feel like crying I swear... 

Heaven rest her soul..

Quite sad

Omg! Such a brilliant chap! Would have been a Nigerian success had she lived!

This video made me cry  
rest in peace  champ

Hmmmn
Sleep well beautiful soul 

Such a beauty with brains.
Rip beautiful soul

So sad . I thought one footballer( a goal keeper ) of a Nigeria descent playing abroad had this disease and he survived it. Why couldn't the parent of the girl seek for international help.... like a better hospital,   GoFundMe etc. Despite all the pains she had while writing her waec,   she still came out in flying colors.  rest in peace 

This is really touching,   I didn't know when tears started rolling down my cheeks. Just listening to her analysis of her condition shows the future is bright for her. rest in peace beautiful soul.

She was awesome,   she deserved better attention

She was treated in a South African hospital.
Her father is a professor of oral and maxillofacial surgery and he knows where best to take his daughter.

Death..
God help us

Already a medical doctor?..Rest on,   our priceless jewel... your soul isn't in the ground,   it's in our hearts 

Cancers are bad and no form is curable. Beware of Agric/Accounting graduates turned supplement doctors on nairaland overnight promising you cures of all diseases,   they are ignorant.

Its so emotional watching this video. Such a brilliant mind. Even in her pains she was still humorous.
rest in peace  dear child,   you are in a better place.

rest in peace  Chisom. What a brilliant mind. Her knowledge of basic medicine and pharmacy surpasses some of the people parading themselves as doctors and pharmacists today.

I woke up with an unusual full energy but watching this video just weakened me.  Rest in peace to this Angel.

Couldn't watch to the end. So emotional

Why are good stars always have issues/problem like this while useless people blossom why?

May God grant her family the fortitude to bear the loss!

she was brilliant ooooo

Life is so unfair.. Rest in peace champ

No sir

You have not yet put OAU on the list!
Sad they want to continue strike,   and that is where CONUAS started from o 

Meeting still under way,   secrecy mode.

Heard unilag votes for suspension. Who can confirm this

Future INEC Chairman. Thanks sir 

No rush guys ,   no worry by tomorrow evening,   Many universities for lock in their decisions.. and I'm 90% positive that many would vote for the strike to be suspended..

Reasonable school

A FUTARIAN also...but I no trust those ASUU FUTA oh

With the way FUTA take serious??.. they really missed you.
Infact some latest indications show that we would be resuming next month sef

How many zonal members does ASUU have in total? 

indications like what and what oh?

thank you so much for this.
How do you get these updates if I may ask?

FAKE NEWS.
THE TEXT ATTACHED TO THE CIRCULAR FROM OAU READS FUTO REJECTS OFFER. ON THIS QUOTE SAME FUTO ACCEPTS GOVERNMENT OFFER

Oau ASUU branch supports continuation of strike until all demands are met by the federal government.
Some other institutions such as FULAFIA,   FUTO have also rejected the offer from the government
CONTRADICTION ON FUTO. WELDONE OOO
source no  that post so the information is not 100% infallible

For now,   that is the information we have,   if you have contrary info please present it!

So,   Oga detective,   what is your information on FUTO?

has in,   this guy is tired of home.

please help me tell him to share his information too... This aint a battle field 
I thought we're sharing informations here 
That's mine till all can be confirmed

your alma mater.

please no mind am,    so some people  do I too know!

Nothing yet sir

you need to go through the three phases of personal development


 how do we start with mindset reprogramming?

 I'm going to place you on a personal finance book challenge.

 how long will that take to complete

 two weeks!

 OK! what is the name of the book?

 the richest man in the Babylon

 where can I download the book?

  you will find it on pdfdrive

 OK! when I finish download I will let you know

 no problem!

 I'm done I will start reading as soon as possible

 OK!

 having good start! 35% complete

 good! Make sure you are reading between the lines

 thanks! I'm doing that

 good keep doing that

 thanks!

 its my pleasure

 moving forward! 45%

 good I love your curiosity

 thanks for your attention

 its my pleasure

 i will be glad if you can continue to preach the Gospel of Financial freedom to the masses of Nigeria

 ! Which one is gospel! We need to be financially intelligent! That is why am using this free platform

 thanks! more power to your elbow

 ameen and u?

 thanks! but why are we not reading book like this in our school

 there is a conspiracy theory behind it

 what is the conspiracy?

 they wanted to create a nation of dependent graduate

 hmmm really!

 exactly!

 thanks for using this medium to educate us

 its my pleasure! I wish more people join this conversation so that we can make it big

 sure! I have moved on with the book 55% complete

 good! You are getting to the end! please do pay attention

 I'm doing that bro!  thanks

What was the resource again,   information? Naim Nairalanders never jump comot from poverty? .

 keep doing that

 thanks

 its my pleasure

 do you run online training apart from Nairaland

 yes I do!

 which platform?

 WhatsApp

 in not currently on WhatsApp but later

 no problem

 thanks for educating people on this platform

its my pleasure

 I want to make some clarification from you

 what is that?

 financial literacy and financial education,   are the the same?

 not at all

  what is the difference

 financial literacy allows you to read numbers  financial education place you on the track of financial independence

 really

 exactly!

 you cannot afford to settle for just a certificate in accounting or business administration

 thanks so much to this

 its my pleasure

 what should we expect from the business development training you run online

 I will update on when I'm on

 no problem

 I have read 50% of the book

 good!,   I hope you are paying attention to details

 I'm doing that!

 good keep on doing

 OK thanks

 it has always been my pleasure

this is fantastic

 thanks mr. distinct

 it been long I have come across one of your post. but I couldn't follow up before I went offline since February. now that I'm back. we are together. This Nigeria tire me

 heeyah thanks for following

 I have questions for you prof

 OK go ahead

Thank you,   very helpful!
Now I have to learn and work without distrustions on forums 

 why are we not learning financial education in school

 never in the school system

 why did you say this?

 there is a conspiracy behind the school system

 what is the conspiracy?

 the political class actually wanted to create an economy of dependent population

 only God can save us

 yes but you have to do your own part

 what part are you talking about?

 commitment to learning and practice till you succeed

 I'm doing that. that is why I'm here

good keep doing that

 thanks bro

 its my pleasure

 please can. you walk through the basic training on business development

 yes I can if you are ready

 I'm ready how do we get started?

 let's reprogram your mind with a personal finance book I will recommend

 OK! how do we go about that?

 I'm going to recommend a book for you on personal finance

 what is name of the book?

This is really interesting,   I have read Rich Dad poor Dad,   but not Richest man in Babylon

 wao! I love that

 thank you sir,   please I have a question. How can I have a source of income,   because presently am a housewife with kids with only school certificate?
I actually love reading,   that's why I bought  Rich Dad poor dad.

 let's chat on WhatsApp'. Zero Seven zero five four four one four one eight three

 please what is the name of the book?

 sir I am not on WhatsApp oo,   how about Facebook?

 when you on WhatsApp you could join the Class. That is the available medium

what is the name of the book?

 the richest man in the Babylon

 OK!

 who is the author of the book?

 George S Clason

 where can I download the book?

Are you a student or a prospective of either secondary or tertiary institution,   you need to "Build Your Capacity for after school life". Get this book as a guideline to a secured,   better and fulfilled future. The book worth more than the price (the price has been discounted for charity sake). Many graduates live with regret of failing to utilise their studenthood to prepare for the after-school life,   the earlier you get the secret to having a relevant future the greater your chance of becoming successful. 
The author is a second class upper graduate,   University of Ibadan. Feel free to contact him for counselling and advice,   he majors in career and personal development.

Contact the number to get a free counseling session,   and your question would be awesomely answered. 
Are you a student or a prospective of either secondary or tertiary institution,   you need to "Build Your Capacity for after school life". Get this book as a guideline to a secured,   better and fulfilled future. The book worth more than the price (the price has been discounted for charity sake). Many graduates live with regret of failing to utilise their studenthood to prepare for the after-school life,   the earlier you get the secret to having a relevant future the greater your chance of becoming successful. 
The author is a second class upper graduate,   University of Ibadan. Feel free to contact him for counselling and advice,   he majors in career and personal development.

 Well done bro

 I tried dot com it doesn't go

 beg your pardon pdfdrive dot net

 OK! i will get back to you when I finish download

 no problem!

 I'm done with the download. what next?

 you start reading and update me about your progress

 OK! thanks for the info

 its my pleasure

 moving further 30% covered

 good! I love that! Stick to the rules

 thanks bro

 its my pleasure

 what are the benefits of financial education?

 part of it is financial freedom which is most important will still have more

 financial freedom is the most important. There are others

 OK! any other

 you have more time to spend with your family

 really! but rich people don't usually have time for family

 yes and no

 what is yes what is no?

 yes in the sense that when there is no separation between you and your business. You build your business on yourself

The key to success is through education; it is the very key of transformation. Equip yourself with continuous learning and you'd find out there is no limit for to what you can achieve.
PLEASE,   kindly support our channel which aims to provide free learning for students at home,   and as well as those seeking to increase their knowledge.
 
 keep it up

 really!

 exactly!

 but business people don't usually have time for friends and family

 yes and no

 what is yes what is no?

 yes in the sense that you build the business on you

 hmm

 that is the truth

 what is the no?

 no in the sense that you have business system in place. You business runs on structure

 hmmm

But what about ngo funding for education in Pakistan? should i go and donate to them too?

 exactly

 thanks bro

 its my pleasure

 I have read have of the book you recommended

 you mean half of the book

 yea

 yes

PEL has just commenced free chemistry tutorials on its YouTube channel,   and so,   we're enjoining you all,   especially science lovers to come on board with us. Be assured that we are out to serve to the best of our ability. Kindly support us by watching,   liking,   subscribe and share our videos to family and friends.
We hope to continually provide more educational contents to you freely.
Thank you!
PEL
(...the making of great minds.)

 the book is great

 sure

 how come book like this are not read

Please those of you that have watched the video should explain  to me please.

 why don't you take your time to watch

 how come book like this are not read in school

 never in the school

 why?

 there is a conspiracy behind school

 what is the conspiracy?

 they wanted an economy of dependent graduate

Good! All this hateful kids on nairaland can finally resume.

Thunder should strike them if that they no agree 

it's lie...

I thought they reached a deadlock.

they should hold press conference asap so we go kw watsup

Finally! I pray they fix resumption date asap. Can't wait to resume and start enjoying.
Team 2020

LIKE if you're HAPPY.

My God! See as we are begging for our rights. Is it good?

but i pray so

Let's hear from ASUU chairman to know if 'Agrees to call off'  means 'call off'

time to finish up my Post Graduate Studies....

I saw "Deadlock"  in more than 3 threads few minutes ago

False alarm  

the strike has been suspended. But we await press conference from ASUU chairman. I guess he is tabulating or preparing his speech and will be read to journalists before midnight.

They should wait for all the agreement to be completely concertised before calling off the strike. 
The Federal government is a very irresponsible government. 
They give more money and attention to frivolities and self rewarding of themselves with the latest Prado and Lexus jeeps.
They pay Boko Haram repentees and reward mediocrity against meritocracy on daily basis. 
Nobody should pity them.

hallelujah. let me start arranging my bags oh.. 

This news should be a great relief. Nigerian students have seen and suffered enough under the watch of federal governmentand ASUU.

I just hope this news is true... 8 months nor be beans. I know say dem go still.go on strike sometime next year but please make I still.get small progress

Finally.....
So what's the resolution made as regards IPPIS?
No mind them,   name sake
Which school?
We,   The Non-academic Students Union Of Universities,   say no to this decision. 

Finally my sugar mummy will pay me.
 
Finally

People should wait first. They've just agreed to suspend. These newspapers aren't saying more than that 

what's the essence of going to school?  i tell my supervisor to Bleep herself

This your matter pass be careful

you see am finish ooo

A good news finally. Thank God.

All plans failed  due to this stupid strike!!

We'll have to wait till next week for the actual suspension.

I can bet with my left ball SSANU & NASu are warming up......student always on the receiving end

Finally. Thank God oooo

commendable,   now lets see when the strike will be finally over 

Thank God

Good. Students can finally resume back to their respective schools.
be deceiving yourself.

please next should be opening of the land border .

Nigeria my country I love you with my whole heart.
What an education structure.

And another 4-month strike will happen in 2022,   and on it goes ad-infinitum... as long as Nigeria remains 1.  

Oh my gosh!... finally I can see my Unical again

bunch of fools

Many nairaland Peeps don't want to start school again,   ntoor school set,   make I hear word here and have some peace..

They need to get back to school

They should not agree ooo.
We the students disagree

It better not be true

Then strike your own strike and stay hungry for 8 months 

They have taken Nigerians for granted for too long. They are not indispensable if we have the right government. A situation where a university lecturer wants to be paid like an oil worker is seeking undeserved merit. They can't just stampede everyone suddenly,   if most of them had gotten the qualifications to be absorbed by oil companies,   they wouldn't be in teaching. They can't be deceiving everybody and be resulting to blackmailing government every time.

who asked you

ASUU gets more than is budgeted for education for a year,   just wondering.

You sure bro? 
This one they say they will get to their members and get back to government before announcing a date to call off. Or am I not reading well.

Don't worry. It's all ended

Thank you very much.

it's not about calling it Off now,   hope it won't repeat again,    it's better to address the issues totally  or scrap ASUU,    to save the future of  our unborn children

Be happy for the person.

Lazy Nigerian Student spotted.

Hallelujah. Praise the Lord.

YEYE SET OF PEOPLE!ITS NOW THE TURN OF SSANU AND NASU!CAN ASUU EVER FUNCTION SATISFACTORILY WITHOUT THE OTHER TWO?NO!OBASANJO WULD AV PROSCRIBED THE UNION OR AV ALL THE MEMBERS SACKED!!

 

Thats nice 
its Ok. Work a little more on your blog.

Finally you want to go and fuck 

Common sense you people don't have,   read you guys can't read
ASUU is expected to report the agreement to its organs and then communicate their decision to the government after which a date for the calling off of the strike would be announced.
A source informed our correspondent that ASUU insisted that the agreement should not be announced until it has been approved by its members.

Buy Portable solar  inverter and powerbank for you comfort

We don't want to start school again.
They have a case to answer in court

They are now smiling.

How many ASUU members?  Remember all the teaching and non teachingvstsff will share the 40 billion. Each lecturer will receive about 1million for the excess work done from 2012 to 2016. Some will get nothing. Think and know before you write rubbish.

Let's strike again

This news is cheering.
I can't wait any longer to resume school

It took so long.
But then,   better late than never.

I hope I never see you finish

They know they are dealing with eggheads who are learned yet the federal governmentmust waste time and drag their feet. If not for the #EndSars problem,   the strike would have dragged on further.
Hope the strike is truly off

My thoughts exactly!

Nice one

Not to think that I just had my final PhD defense to do before all this imbroglio started and I had to miss promotion as a result. There is God ooooo
you people should call it off! I have to collect my result now I have missed upgrading in my office because of this strike. I did not own you people oo!

NMA strike loading and it will be ASUU strike Pro Max since federal government has refused to have sense

resumption is still next year

Another agreement?
The agreements they have been entering for years are yet to be fulfilled,   now this one
They should better resolve the whole issue before calling off the strike to avoid embarking on another strike in future

You have been heard. My point still remains.

Mehn... Can't wait to resume nd fuck any pussi i get hold of on campus,   i really miss that stuff:

NMA strike loading and it will be ASUU strike Pro Max since federal government has refused to have sense

This is not the first time ASUU would call off strike but I bet you,   ASUU will be on another strike next year. It's an annual event. Why? Because this is not the first time federal governmentwould make such offers and fail to keep them. 
Meanwhile,   those that were supposed to graduate this year,   whatsup for them?

How many oil workers are professors?
You will say hazard... Cultist that threaten and kill lecturers nko... The dangerous chemicals lecturers are expected to work with nko?

Nah  F.T.C make you spill this rubbish...........who be hateful children......

Everything must be next year,   I can't go back to school this year again

Yeah you are right Bwana

you don't have sense.

what is professorship,   if you stayed in academic you will earn it. If they sack them,   willing qualified graduates from different companies,   banks,   oil sectors etc can be encouraged to take to part-time lecturing. This used to happen in the past

Which next meeting again?This strike is not ending soon.

Did you read the part that says "" I am positive that all the issues would be resolved at our next meeting.

Good,   my wife can nw go and do her final clearance but they should make it next year January

How much for biznes card and logo? Hope i can keep it in case i want to use the logo for something else later in the nearest future. please reply 08034094707

I am telling you.

Stop spreading fake news

I'm sure you saw my source

Wait they are trying to turn our head with English,  they say they would pay before December 31,  and ASUU say until they pay. So we are still at square sit down till next year,  if government no pay quick ASUU no go give date and still  aoz.
Dey use English pin student down

University of Uyo accepted the federal government offer and vote for the suspension of strike.

What's your source?

I'm waiting for Unibadan to say nonsense o

10 to 4,   still good score 

Any news from ABU?

Yes boss still moving

Thank God say MOUAU accept the offer. I swear for the VC

.. not really,   I work,   but I just happen to be a type that values my Academics so much over any thing else..  

Good one

Haryoife,   e bi like say the score reach 18 to 4 o,   in favour of the Accepting Party 
 

How many Electoral College remain  make Acceptees win?  
 I learn many things this year 2020 sha.

protest kwa?... some of us just want graduate try relocate. make we the pay tax the see the dividends

... But in Nigeria  majority vote matter..
Check it.

I  hear rumour say UI accept o,   let's wait for update from Haryoife

There are 70 university under ASUU,   so for the strike to be called off atleast 36 university will accept the offer,   once 36 university accept the offer then no need to bother one self to check what others school voted for
We only need 36 university to accept,   11 university has already accepted,   remaining 25 university to go
May God punish all the ASUU member including those that rejected and accepted #nonsense
They will be paid for the months they did not work,   but nobody will pay for the time the student wasted at home

I never hear anything o boss but I go put all of una for update mode

where did you hear that?

Where do you get your info from?

I have no information concerning any school

thank you. why not share confirmed information. who  look for rumour for here? who rumour help? even if youshare am,   at least  consistent.

Oga pack comot for this thread na,   if e  pain you

One of his children actually graduated from a state school in Nigeria.

Ok fake source

Did you click the link or you just came here to advertise your ignorance

 
 
Imagine ASUU taking a critical decision on a matter that affects us without consulting us for our collective opinion  
Nonsense and ingredients.

Students share is #10billion if they finally won the case at the Federal High Court

Fake news am telling you guy how would you believe punch
very true.

ASUU strike more than thunder.In few months you  go hear government has not fulfilled their plan,  so,  ASUU to go on strike again.

I wasn't talking to you.

There is no deception here. Are you involved in any?

Mine is for my Msc. God .

Because I care about u

Care about me how?

They all copied from punch bro.

This how a typical Nigeria female behave. 
This one be feeling her self.

How is the question?
It's just a question. Ok Thanks for caring

finally,  after all the blah blah blah and blah
For that merit awards..... The students union government of federal polytechnic,   offa,   need to be sanction,   the organizing committee of their event and the executives should be prosecuted as well.
Nonsense.

In Nigeria,   our past is despicable.
Our present is depressing
It's also a pity that our future is bleak 

i've gotten to dat stage where nothing shock me again except if I hold naked electric wire accidentally....shioor..leaders of 2moro indeed 

Our Leaders of Tomorrow sef get K-Leg dem go worst pass all this old man in government...

Fear is really a man's greatest undoing.

Cultism is what it is today in Nigeria because Nigerians adore and celebrate it. Especially the females. Just tell them that you are a cultist and watch her off pant for you

Nothing is actually wrong until it is made so. The wrong things of yesterday is the right of today due to rottenness brought by civilization. More shocking things to come.

This is nothing. ALGON just gave my state governor an award of Excellence earlier today.
The governor is owing Local Government employees 5-10 months salary.

Am not surprise
Curse 
If a cultist can be a governor of rivers of blood
An award is just a child play

In those days evil is hidden due to shame,   while good is displayed and rewarded. 
In these days,   evil is displayed as an emblem of pride and honour,   while good is chastised and shamed.
Its now obvious that evil is the future while good is the grave. 
We are in for a rough ride indeed.

This country is finished!

I don't believe this...
Someone printed this in hiding
Just to frame the SUG
Nigeria never die reach there!

DSS should invite the president.

These are the same youths dt want to take over from the present leaders.Rubbish

what we have in offa is open cult and not not secreat

When were they awarded?

Very sad this is coming from my state

Fools!

Imagine brandishing criminality. 
with the set of Youths society is breeding,   they'll be worse in leadership compare to current leaders.
These set of Youths will also clamour for relinquishing of power to them? Very anyhow Youths

I just think you deserve it   

Maybe their SUG are members

why is everyone here surprised!? 
isn't this the same way our leaders in government dignify mediocrity giving awards to undeserving element in the society. 
even the royal fathers and traditional rulers are not left out of this trend. who knows they might be contributing to the well-being and growth of students! 
Oh my country! 
Nigeria I hail thee. 
A land filled with surprises 
A land enameled with knowledge 
A land tucked with wisdom 
But wallow in the pool of unlimited folly.
Nothing  person no go see for this Nigeria life.
If the SUG swapped places with the current administration,   Boko Haram,   IPOB,   Shiite,   bandits,   Fulani herdsmen and Niger Delta Militants would have been given the highest National Honour 

How do you know ALORA group  Cult group
what if the ALORA  acronym of a respected association on that campus and not necessarily the "ALORA" that comes to your mind

Are you sure it's not a set up? I was expecting a snapshot of said SUG president handing over the plaque

Nairaland and stale news  

Let the award hold and on the day of the award,   let security agents hunt down everyone within and around that venue. Those who attempt to run should be shot dead. 

I am not surprised.

It's crystal clear that majority of the SUG members belong to the different cult groups

First time hearing the name of the school though.

What did I just read? 

Congrats to the winners 

What do you expect? It is an institution located in a region that loves cultism,   rituals,   rape,   armed robbery,   skull harvesting etc 
Wole Soyinka their brother was the pioneer founding member of cultism so what's the surprise here?
Was it not in Offa that armed robbery attack on a bank claimed lives?

Please I need a website,   text me your price

Op please can you post the link of the source of your post. It is high time we verify credibility of any news before believing it. The way fake news are being circulated nowadays is pathetic.

 twas finished before it was even created bruh.

This shouldn't be a surprise to us at all,   shebi we heard the news some months ago when a set of cultist donated some materials to NPF in a particular state.

It is time for men of integrity or youths of strong ethical standard to lead. Corruption cuts across all age brackets in the country. See ordinary SUG,   the level of evil. Imagine that SUG leaders becomes governor or senator tomorrow,   what he will do.
It is a shame,   they did not give the award to best graduating student,   best faculty students. It is Aye,   and Eye. What evil!

problem for who no be cultist 

Yorubas and cultism are really close.
If you doubt go and ask Wole Soyinka

Nigeria youths are just damned

If  award make they give them,   make peace reign! 

 
leaders of tomorrow indeed. If you hear them blabbing and complaining about the older generations you'll think they're better of.

How about Aye and Eye,   respected associations?

You made my day with this your comment  

I think if you really know that Offa poly,   you will understand the reason why the SUG comply to awards all the Big boss on campus.  
His life and family may be at stake.
Such is life

To what end do you always will to drive a tribally bigoted point 
every right thinking person knows that cultism is a thing dat thrives in The society and it berate common sense to  attest  it to  tribe abi youdo una usual yoruba vs igbo and other forms of bigotry

To what end do you always will to drive a tribally bigoted point 
every right thinking person knows that cultism is a thing dat thrives in The society and it berate common sense to  attest  it to  tribe abi youdo una usual yoruba vs igbo and other forms of bigotry 
Shun tribalism

I already saw and read the SUG letter debunking and voiding this award,  they actually distanced themselves from it while admonishing those that want to tarnish its Image...Na true say bad News  fly faster o

the sug is intelligent but you all may not understand,   in fact the person that came up with this idea must have lived in the western world,   see,   anything you can't stop,   the best way to control it is to embrace it
from giving out this award,   before you know it cult go start beauty pageant and that will turn it into a social group

Eye and Aiye nko? Respected association my foot... you fit name your pikin Buhari?

Freedom fighter ko,   freedom liberators ni,   cultists are useless,   they smell,   God despise their act and if they don't repent,   they will die like chicken and rot in hell where there is gnashing of teeth.

 
wake me up I have fainted

Thought buhari was the dumbest man alive..Not till you typed this..

the origin of these groups was to fight against oppression but hoodlums took over from them.

I was about sayind same things..... Females like dating cultists,   they took pride in it

Make Una know say this country is damaged under a dullard administration

Maybe if we refine all these tagged 'Outlaw' groups,   they could do better than our Nigerian government...just thinking out loud

Probably social groups.

But from the onset of the institution,    the school was synonymous to cultism. 
Some people accused the first rector of encouraged the groups.

This community is now a free to do anything you feel like

Clearly,   this is nothing but just a sick joke from someone with a very weird sense of humor.

DISREGARDS FALSE INFORMATION. 
NAIRALAND I STRONGLY BELIEVED IN YOUR INFORMATION  BUT YET ACCORDING TO MY OWN FINDINGS THE INFORMATION SEEMS UNTRUE.
let's  protect the image of that great polytechnic. 
The student Union Executives of that polytechnic are very responsible and respectful set of people whose their pivotal roles can't be toe with. 
It's absolutely true that the Union awarded some set of students on the day of their SUG week ceremony but hence it's  very sardonic when some unprogressive elements are claiming that the Union gave such awards to some unregistered  groups which is totally nothing but fallacy. 
Though,   I strongly believe the Management of that institution and even I was informed yesterday that the committee as been set aside to make some findings concerning the issues. Please let wait and see their feedback instead of spoiling the good image of school. Even three days ago the SUG President addressed the press to debunk the rumor. 
STOP RUMOR AND PROTECT THE GOOD IMAGE OF THAT POLYTECHNIC. 
I write to express NOT to impress.

What a shocker!
Where did we really get it wrong as a people?
What happened to our value system?
Or is this also one of the signs of the end time?

The only sensible comment so far.. People are too stupid to believe anything online without even thinking. The idiot that took the pic created those fake awards himself. Look well you will see his working tools in the background. Useless Jobless idiot. Maybe  op even  run am sef.

Do you know Nigerian Government incorporated NALT,   DNKI etc? 
The SUG recognized and awarded the Organizations not the hoodlums that hijacked what the Organization stands for. 
Take a break and go read the objectives of those Organizations. That the Organizations has been bastarthised by some unscrupulous elements doesn't take away what the Organizations stands for.

You must be from indommie generation if this is your first time of hearing Offa Poly.
It used to be one of the leading.recognized poly those days .

It a lie the photos was photoshop bro is the work of the enemy of progress on campus...The president present gas cooker,  washing machine,   e.t.c to student

They deserve award too  for looting and raping.. Nigeria which way forward

Fake news be that ooo,   let's hear from the university first..

Are SUG excos Jew men?  They all belong to one secret cult or the other.  Unless the OP doesn't know how the higher institutions operate then he must be naive and a complete simp

I don't trust the sug executive of that school,   is it not that same school that their Sug vice president was caught by men of the Nigerian police force some years back at 7/7 gathering in the state capital at night..

..bros,   this is end time: can you see the signals?

When leader is a cow,   nation will automatically become cow republic 

We need to leave this country asap

Ok... What about the EYE GROUP and the  AXE one too

How did the SUG unite all groups together and gave them award without bloodshed or clash
The SUG is a great negotiator 
SAY NO TO CULTISM

Smart move by the SUG since it will bring peace to the school.
Our government have not been able to eradicate cultism since 4 decades. The best move a union leader could do in a volatile school like Offa is to unite the groups for the safety of the entire students. At least give them a reason to behave.

Evil student union politics,  they are serving their friends,   they are all cultists in that SUG. nonsense.

They are the Aloras

Fake news...
Check the spellings.,  ..
No cult group called Alora...that group has a name....
EYE is wrong spelling....
Etc...
No cult group called called Aye.....it has a name!

The older generation currently at the helm of affairs in this country needs to act fast and put laws in place to help protect the younger and unborn generations of this country. Agreed that they (older generation) spoilt this country but they can still do something to create a relatively liveable nation,   if not for the poor masses but for their own children. 
A time will come when looted funds in foreign banks cannot help your children. 
Create a decent society for your born and unborn children to inherit. Bequeathing a better Nigerian society to your children is much better than any amount of money saved in foreign banks for them.
Let's stop all these mindless corruption and lawlessness going on in Nigeria today and think about posterity.

Very bad

A disclaimer from the SUG

It is finished

Its fake not real....show us the events and the presentation of the awards.

The awards are fake to destroy the SUG. Look at what is written on the awards sef. Student Union Government instead of Students' Union Government. No SUG will inscribe such on the award
Secondly the Award says in Recognition of their contribution to development of students and the institution. The question is how have the cult groups contributed to the development of students and institution ? Those that did the awards to destroy the SUG are fucking mad na.
Third,    they put Eye group: the best students on campus.. How unreasonable is that. Are they students ?  
These awards  were snapped in one room...fake news everywhere. Mischief makers at work!

This is my alma-mata....back in the days of KZ and co. There weren't stupid things like this...and this new generation doesn't want to learn from anybody...they believe that they have all that it takes...
Can you. Imagine? Give award to an occutist group?/where you are expected to abide by the rules and tenets of the school authority in everything you do....

Heard the Offa Poly SUG excos also addressed a press conference yesterday in support of a clampdown on Social media.

Who is to blame? 
government or parents?
What's the solution to these manace and time bomb we are sitting on?

Theres nothing new in a shithole,    You gonna see alot of shitty.

People wise up,   maybe  ve pressurize the name comrade #adigun,  maybe his life at risk nah e make am do m dat way,  wiseup sorosoke wayray

It is scam fellas... The sug president is my friend and I spoke with him this week,   and I have the video o his press conference text me on Whatsapp for the video

Thanks..
Most ppo don't really understand the structure of cult groups.. 
Who ever was in the background do souvenirs (branded handkerchief,   t shirts,   notebooks etc)
For cult groups prepping for Xmas **convention**

This means that they are supporting cultism in Nigerian universities.
Thank you for having a brain that fully thinks logically. At least you gave the said SUG President the benefit of the doubt. The questions that came to mind when I saw the headline were: Why would a sane leader of an SUG openly do this? Why would he even print his names specially on the plaques? Where is he pictured handing these so-called awards? Why gifting awards to rival groups intolerant of one another,   if truly he belongs to one of these groups? If you can't answer sufficiently all these questions,   then it apparently is a case of blackmail and the SUG President might be a victim who needs help...
This is akin to how most Nigerians swallow FAKE NEWS hook,   line and sinker!

I see nothing wrong here. We need to stop judging people,   probably this will equally bring peace and inter cult harmony in his school. If federal governmentcan negotiate with militant and terrorists,   why can't he be allowed to achieve through this

The only thing  fit shock me like this for Nigeria  if I hold naked wire and e no shock me. that time I go shock.

All this hilarious issue make me original Nigeria.

This is from the school alumni.

funny how you guys judge too soon,   when those Nigerian Youths won the  Huawei Challenge among 68 countries you neva use it to judge the Soro soke generation,   But when a polytechnic among numerous school leader goofed,   is easily to put a tag price on,   Last last the cultism of a thing doesnt started yesterday. It's Just an evil batton passed from one fool claiming wise generation to the other.

The awards are fake produced by mischief makers to destroy SUG. The wordings on the awards said it all.

We always promote nonsense in this country

No WONDER that you hardly see Federal Polytechnic Offa graduates excelling their chosen career.

The awards are not  produced by SUG. First thing,   they put Student Union Government instead of Students' Union Government 
Secondly,    they put in recognition of their contribution to development of students an the institution... The question is how have the cult groups contributed to the development of the institution and students? That shows those people that do the awards to destroy the SUG are even daft. 
The also put Eye group: best students on campus... That is quite funny.. Mischief makers and politics everywhere.

very funny

beware of fake finishing news

I really don't know how to keep my face as i explained this to a younger one!!

How do you know? I love indomie 

Today lets discuss about the disadvantages of not going to school. I know some might argue over this,   but that is not the talk of the matter. after reading through,   you may drop your opinion in the comment box. Below are the disadvantages
 You don't get the certificate of graduation which very useful for job application.
 You fail to prove that you have a specialty in certain field.
 You lost the opportunity to learn from many great people: your teacher,   your professor,   even your friends.
 You lost your chance to increase your network.
 By going to school,   you can avoid to do the same mistakes that many people have done before.
 By going to school,   you can use all the facilities which has been provided.
 By going to school,   you might find your love or your best friend,   and so on.
I do believe that success is not determined whether you are going to school or not. Many people do not have the same opportunity to go to school that is why by answering this question,   it does not mean that the people who are going to school is better than the ones who do not go to school

Boat load of hot crap

Point 1,  2 and 3 are the relevant points in the subject matter the rest can be gotten without visiting the four walls of a tertiary institution. By way education has gone beyond classroom or face to face contact with your lecturers or mentor

Are you a student and looking for some additional sources of income.. This is neither a scam nor a gamble
Join LPV forum today and monetize your social media accounts with just 1500 one time registration fee and earn up to 5k in one day..
Whatsapp only 08101079819 for more info...

If I don't get admission this year,   then that's it for me. I've tried my best and hopefully another lists comes out from fuoye soon.

Don't give up Seun,   you will gain that admission to school. Don't relent!

I totally agree that you should not go to school. I wish i had not. Life would be easier if I was more unaware. Anyway,   here is to light therapy mask 

Personally,   I have found that to remain probably the most fascinating topics when it draws a parallel to. You may find two to three new levels inside L . a . Weight loss and any one someone is incredibly important. Initial stage may be real melting away rrn the body. lose weight	
Fashion

I think this is definitely an amazing project here. So much good will be coming from this project. The ideas and the work behind this will pay off so much.	
gifts

The most important part of schooling is getting well-rounded education and knowledge that will help you to build successful career in the future. 
term paper writing service

You made some points anyway...
 
But nowadays,   in Nigeria,   with the constant hike in school fees,   acceptance fees,   accommodation fees,   etc with constant strike actions by ASUU and massive lack of jobs for our graduates...... One can quickly conclude that there is little or nothing to benefit anymore from going to school... 

I was impressed with the site that you created,   so memotipasi many people to be more advanced,   there also kunjugi me,   as a comparison	
App Development Companies Toronto

Personally,   I have found that to remain probably the most fascinating topics when it draws a parallel to. You may find two to three new levels inside L . a . Weight loss and any one someone is incredibly important. Initial stage may be real melting away rrn the body. lose weight	
100% Cannabis Derived Terpenes

I appreciate several from the Information which has been composed,   and especially the remarks posted I will visit once more.	

The first phase the preparation should,   theoretically,   be uninfluenced by the intended intensity and duration of the sound which is subsequently produced. In fact,   however,   so quickly are the three phases accomplished that the pianist rarely has capacity to think,   in performance,   of each phase separately.	

Don't give up on going to school. Triple your efforts and keep trying. Forget about age and the fact that your mates have 'passed you by.' You did not come to this world with anybody and you would leave this world alone. You never can tell if that degree might help in its own way.

The first phase the preparation should,   theoretically,   be uninfluenced by the intended intensity and duration of the sound which is subsequently produced. In fact,   however,   so quickly are the three phases accomplished that the pianist rarely has capacity to think,   in performance,   of each phase separately.	

Intriguing post. I Have Been pondering about this issue,   so much obliged for posting. Really cool post.It "s truly extremely pleasant and Useful post.Thanks	

The first phase the preparation should,   theoretically,   be uninfluenced by the intended intensity and duration of the sound which is subsequently produced. In fact,   however,   so quickly are the three phases accomplished that the pianist rarely has capacity to think,   in performance,   of each phase separately.	

Your work here on this blog has been top notch from day 1. You've been continously providing amazing articles for us all to read and I just hope that you keep it going on in the future as well. Cheers!	

Extremely intriguing online journal. A lot of web journals I see nowadays don't generally give anything that I'm keen on,   however I'm most definitely inspired by this one. Recently felt that I would post and let you know.	

The first phase the preparation should,   theoretically,   be uninfluenced by the intended intensity and duration of the sound which is subsequently produced. In fact,   however,   so quickly are the three phases accomplished that the pianist rarely has capacity to think,   in performance,   of each phase separately.	

I want to say thanks for beautiful blog sharing with us. Your blog really great resource to update my knowledge.	

I'm constantly searching on the internet for posts that will help me. Too much is clearly to learn about this. I believe you created good quality items in Functions also. Keep working,   congrats!	

When a blind man bears the standard pity those who follow.... Where ignorance is bliss it is folly to be wise....	

The first phase the preparation should,   theoretically,   be uninfluenced by the intended intensity and duration of the sound which is subsequently produced. In fact,   however,   so quickly are the three phases accomplished that the pianist rarely has capacity to think,   in performance,   of each phase separately.	

I wish more authors of this type of content would take the time you did to research and write so well. I am very impressed with your vision and insight.	

Particular interviews furnish firsthand message on mart size,   industry trends,   ontogeny trends,   capitalist landscape and outlook,   etc. 	

I think this is an informative post and it is very useful and knowledgeable. therefore,   I would like to thank you for the efforts you have made in writing this article.	

You guardians do an astounding web diary,   and have some unfathomable substance. Continue doing extraordinary.	

For a long time me & my friend were searching for informative blogs,   but now I am on the right place guys,   you have made a room in my heart!	

Persons appreciate shopping for amazing,   appealing,   fascinating and from time to time attractive aromas for them selves and pertaining to others. This can be executed conveniently along with inexpensively in an on-line perfume shop.	

I was very impressed by this post,   this site has always been pleasant news Thank you very much for such an interesting post,   and I meet them more often then I visited this site.	

Your post is very helpful to get some effective tips to reduce weight properly. You have shared various nice photos of the same. I would like to thank you for sharing these tips. Surely I will try this at home. Keep updating more simple tips like this. 	

Your post is very helpful to get some effective tips to reduce weight properly. You have shared various nice photos of the same. I would like to thank you for sharing these tips. Surely I will try this at home. Keep updating more simple tips like this. 	

Extremely pleasant article,   I appreciated perusing your post,   exceptionally decent share,   I need to twit this to my adherents. Much appreciated!. 	

We're all about the music  great music! As a boutique-infused New York City Wedding DJ,   we pride ourselves in treating your wedding like our very own.	

We bring you the best Premium Website that perfect for world news & informative blogs etc. Check our categories for details.	

Sea Moss also known as Irish Moss or Chondrus Crispus is a red algae species that is found along the coastal regions of the Caribbean islands,   Europe and Ireland.This seaweed is used like a gel in smoothies and as a thickener in bread,  cakes and soups	

Extremely pleasant article,   I appreciated perusing your post,   exceptionally decent share,   I need to twit this to my adherents. Much appreciated!. 	

Thanks for taking the time to discuss that,   I feel strongly about this and so really like getting to know more on this kind of field. Do you mind updating your blog post with additional insight? It should be really useful for all of us.	

One present why galore businesses opt for postcards is because they are overmuch cheaper to be prefab and this can forbear a lot of expenses on the lengthened run. 	

This is my first time i visit here. I found such a substantial number of interesting stuff in your blog especially its examination. Really its inconceivable article. Keep it up.	

you are keeping the thread cool 

refer to those games which too big in size but have been reduced to a smaller one! This method basically useful for those who don't have a high-speed internet connection or unlimited internet connection,   so they can easily download their favorite games without much trouble.

it's really nice and meanful. it's really cool blog. Linking is very useful thing.you have really helped lots of people who visit blog and provide them usefull information.	

Your article is extremely helpful exceptionally fascinating subject i am looking that sort of post thank for imparting to us keep it up.	

This blog was extremely helpful. I really appreciate your kindness in sharing this with me and everyone else!	

Formal education,   or schooling,   provides a system for learning or gaining knowledge. Schooling also teaches you how to learn and apply critical thinking. 
Young people must take school seriously as well because education opens up career opportunities later in life.

You make so many great points here that I read your article a couple of times. Your views are in accordance with my own for the most part. This is great content for your readers. 	

For true fans of this thread I will address      is a free online!	

Education is light.

You guardians do an astounding web diary,   and have some unfathomable substance. Continue doing extraordinary.	

Keep pushing please. Don't give up.

I love significantly your own post! I look at all post is great. I discovered your personal content using bing search. Discover my webpage is a great one as you.I work to create several content this post. Once more you can thank you and keep it create! Enjoy!	

Your post is very helpful to get some effective tips to reduce weight properly. You have shared various nice photos of the same. I would like to thank you for sharing these tips. Surely I will try this at home. Keep updating more simple tips like this. 	

Below you will understand what is important,   the idea provides one of the links with an exciting site:	

Excellent .. Amazing .. I'll bookmark your blog and take the feeds also...I'm happy to find so many useful info here in the post,   we need work out more techniques in this regard,   thanks for sharing. 	

This was a shocking post. It has some look at here fundamental data on this subject.	

If someone week i really ashen-haired not actually pretty,   whether you will lite grope a present,   thought to follow us to displays bursting with ends of the earth considerably? Inside the impeccant previous,   sea ever have dried-up,   my hubby and i only may very well be with all of you connected thousands of samsara.	

Incredible articles and awesome design. Your blog entry merits the greater part of the positive input it"s been getting.	


Some people are just jobless lazy bloggers

Thanks for Nice and Informative Post. This article is really contains lot more information about This Topic. 	


I needed to thank you for this phenomenal read!! I unquestionably adored each and every piece of it. I have you bookmarked your site to look at the new stuff you post.	


I really loved reading your blog. It was very well authored and easy to undertand. Unlike additional blogs I have read which are really not tht good. I also found your posts very interesting. In fact after reading. I had to go show it to my friend and he ejoyed it as well!	

I definitely enjoying every little bit of it. It is a great website and nice share. I want to thank you. Good job! You guys do a great blog,   and have some great contents. Keep up the good work	
anonymous chat

You won't use a calculating devices for your post utme,   why can't you watch this division without calculator

I think this is one of the most significant information for me. And i'm glad reading your article. But should remark on some general things,  	


Thanks For sharing this Superb article.I use this Article to show my assignment in college.it is useful For me Great Work.[url]keratin treatment dubai[

Your post is very helpful to get some effective tips to reduce weight properly. You have shared various nice photos of the same. I would like to thank you for sharing these tips. Surely I will try this at home. Keep updating more simple tips like this.	

I appreciate several from the Information which has been composed,   and especially the remarks posted I will visit once more. 	

I think this is definitely an amazing project here. So much good will be coming from this project. The ideas and the work behind this will pay off so much.	

Interesting post. I Have Been wondering about this issue. so thanks for posting. Pretty cool post.It 's really very nice and Useful post.Thanks	

Your post is very helpful to get some effective tips to reduce weight properly. You have shared various nice photos of the same. I would like to thank you for sharing these tips. Surely I will try this at home. Keep updating more simple tips like this. 	

Just pure classic stuff from you here. I have never seen such a brilliantly written article in a long time. I am thankful to you that you produced this!	

The first phase the preparation should,   theoretically,   be uninfluenced by the intended intensity and duration of the sound which is subsequently produced. In fact,   however,   so quickly are the three phases accomplished that the pianist rarely has capacity to think,   in performance,   of each phase separately.	

Extremely helpful post. This is my first time i visit here. I discovered such a large number of intriguing stuff in your blog particularly its exchange. Truly its extraordinary article. Keep it up.	

I think this is one of the most significant information for me. And i'm glad reading your article. But should remark on some general things,  	

Regular visits listed here are the easiest method to appreciate your energy,   which is why why I am going to the website everyday,   searching for new,   interesting info. Many,   thank you 	

Incredible articles and awesome design. Your blog entry merits the greater part of the positive input it"s been getting.	

When your website or blog goes live for the first time,   it is exciting. That is until you realize no one but you and your.	

Extremely pleasant article,   I appreciated perusing your post,   exceptionally decent share,   I need to twit this to my adherents. Much appreciated!. 	

Your post is very helpful to get some effective tips to reduce weight properly. You have shared various nice photos of the same. I would like to thank you for sharing these tips. Surely I will try this at home. Keep updating more simple tips like this. 	

One present why galore businesses opt for postcards is because they are overmuch cheaper to be prefab and this can forbear a lot of expenses on the lengthened run. 	

For a long time me & my friend were searching for informative blogs,   but now I am on the right place guys,   you have made a room in my heart!	

Extremely pleasant article,   I appreciated perusing your post,   exceptionally decent share,   I need to twit this to my adherents. Much appreciated!.	

If someone week i really ashen-haired not actually pretty,   whether you will lite grope a present,   thought to follow us to displays bursting with ends of the earth considerably? Inside the impeccant previous,   sea ever have dried-up,   my hubby and i only may very well be with all of you connected thousands of samsara.	

Interesting topic for a blog. I have been searching the Internet for fun and came upon your website. Fabulous post. Thanks a ton for sharing your knowledge! It is great to see that some people still put in an effort into managing their websites. I'll be sure to check back again real soon.	

oh I see,   maybe Ngige no  government when the child  school 
By the way,   which school,   I guess UNIZIK 

Federal University of Agriculture Abeokuta declines federal governments offer..

Source please?

From someone I know there

That's not a reliable source.. we can't update that here now

UNN is insignificant.
The schools that have the most weight are in the South West.
If this strike would be called off,   University of Ibadan is one of the major answers. Aside from the fact that the body's headquarters is in Ibadan,   the spokesman is also a professor of the University of Ibadan.
Outspoken ASUU chapters are concentrated in UI and OAU.
Every student should have their eyes on UI.
Even ABU is more significant than UNN.
Read your post again!
Read the last sentence once more!
Does it make sense to you?
True,   UNN is living on past glory but it can't be relegated to the background.
I have been to ABU and OAU. I have friends in UI and they all respect UNN.
If all the uni in the west decide to be against the FG,   and 36 Universities should vote for the strike to be called off. You are going back to school to sit for example irrespective of whether you are UI,   OAU,   ABU or South Western University.
Peace!

Biko who knows where i kept my bag. school resume. Since UI and UNN accept,   it is finished

Where did you get your Abu update?

ASUU headquarters is in University of Abuja

Why do you guys like giving yourself headache over nothing?
The guy yan hin opata,   does it change anything? Does his opinion now make UNN insignificant in reality?
The fact of the matter is that all Nigerian public Universities are living in their past glories,   the very new ones are nothing but glorified high schools!
Do you know one private secondary school in Jos called Hillcrest? That school better pass FULafia   say make strike continue indefinitely 
If you graduate from Hillcrest con enter FULafia,   he go  like say you graduate from secondary school con enter primary school  
 
 

 Leave the guy make hin  luk fo sauce up an down,   
 me I add am to my list since  
 

Thank you Bro,   e bi like say school resume last last 
If that ASUU president try to manipulate this election,   we go break hin neck 

I'm 70% certain that ASUU will suspend the strike on Friday... I can't wait.

Guy no  answer that guy...
he has access to data to confirm his claim but he choose to be stupid..
Imigine UNN that came second behind UI on world ranking... where was his ABU?? person go just open mouth waaa talk nonsense.

You should all know that the current branch congress meetings going on are not meant to discuss suspension of strike. 
The congresses are meant to discuss and take decision on each item in what FGN has offered.
And you could see conditions attached to some of the items by even branches that accepted the offer.

why are some Yorubas getting so dumb daily?
The guy in the other post was condemning one Akwa ibom girl that won UBA competition because she decided to study in the varsity in her own state (University of uyo) and the dumb idiot was criticizing her decision and was like if it's not UI,   UNILAG,  Oau or any other schools in the south west then she should forget it.
I nearly cursed that guy and bashed the hell out of him

But federal governmentsaid there is no problem doing all that you listed,   infact federal governmentis currently in the process of paying the salary arrears and also in the process of releasing check-off dues to the various unions! So,   why won't strike be suspended if everybody is happy?
Truth be told,   my broda,   federal governmenttry,   make ASUU relax small,   please

This website is mind boggling. you have kept the readers together in throughout the content that helps in maximum information grasp. This is a great post. Awaiting for more posts from you.

you can give them minimal shishi ,  no problem,   but they can give you maximal extra years by failing you in your exams...

you're over working urself over nothing 
If somebody ask Baba Lai today,   which one is better,   UI or the University of Johannesburg? What do you think will be Baba Lai's response? Yorubas say "enu o dun,   elenu ponla",   i.e.,   mouth no sweet,   the owner go still lick am 

Your statement shows how you're accepting the conditioning of becoming an almajiri who is given tuwo by a slavemaster who eats sumptuous meals. The Fulani Government of Nigeria can budget billions on usesless projects,   pay bokoharamists salaries while using billions to rehabilitate jihadists who murdered thousands of innocent people in their cause of holy war to spread Shariah as they attack and destroy everything that have to do with the same western education the Fulani filled federal government are refusing to meet the ASUU demand through this protracted strike. You people don't think at all.

Hope this shit ain't true

as a one man mobile university,   I accept the offer. update that please.

I truly value this superb post that you have accommodated us. I guarantee this would be helpful for a large portion of the general population.	

Interesting topic for a blog. I have been searching the Internet for fun and came upon your website. Fabulous post. Thanks a ton for sharing your knowledge! It is great to see that some people still put in an effort into managing their websites. I'll be sure to check back again real soon.	

I'm impressed,   I must say. Very rarely do I come across a blog thats both informative and entertaining,   and let me tell you,   you ve hit the nail on the head. Your blog is important..	

Just pure classic stuff from you here. I have never seen such a brilliantly written article in a long time. I am thankful to you that you produced this!	

For this web site,   you will see our account,   remember to go through this info.	

In this case you will begin it is important,   it again produces a web site a strong significant internet site:	

I can give you the address       Here you will learn how to do it correctly. Read and write something good.	

In this particular article,   you will see a summary,   satisfy browse this post.	

Actually I read it yesterday but I had some thoughts about it and today I wanted to read it again because it is very well written.	

I like to recommend exclusively fine plus efficient information and facts,   hence notice it:	

Acknowledges for paper such a beneficial composition,   I stumbled beside your blog besides decipher a limited announce. I want your technique of inscription...	

It is very good,   but look at the information at this address. 	

I might suggest solely beneficial in addition to trusted facts,   and so find it:	

There tons of disadvantages not going to school,   including the ones listed. Although,   there are various ways to learn but school plays a crucial role in character moulding and effective learning,   but learning does not stop and end at the four walls the building called school.
PEL looks forward to you becoming a success. Don't hesitate to join us for free tutorial sessions covering many subjects on YouTube.
I recommend only good and reliable information,   so see it: 	

This is very significant,   and yet necessary towards just click this unique backlink:	

I would recommend my profile      is important to me,   I invite you to discuss this topic.
We hear this all the time...
How does 2,  000 teachers impact the students lives?
Nigeria government and misplaced priorities 
 
what do these fellows below gain in booking spaces that's as useless as Facebook likes?

Nice one.... atleast make people see job do.
If the government can spread out it's arms in providing industries....dx country for make sense.
Nothing better pass self employment as far as Nigeria  involved

The game is getting over,   much cash out have been recorded,   now theyopen school,   relax lock down,   give job to cover some shitty deals. 
Only God will judge our politicians,   Sadly,   God is even merciful.

please open schools.
Schools,   particularly the Basic Education schools have more capacity to sensitize their pupils.
I can't vouch for the public schools as we know their workers to always have that lackadaisical attitude.
We thank God for his grace upon our lives.
Let's reopen the economy.

Welcome development.  This pandemic is not going to be over soon. We must learn how to dwell with it.
I hope other states will follow the moment federal ministry if education grant them permission.

they should stop lying to us,   please we are tired of lies.

Nice one but if you add the numbers of 2000 teachers that they have been employing since year 2000 we would have had over 50000 teachers by now..
Employing teachers is one thing,   improving standard is another

We have been hearing this for a long time

If Churches and mosques can be allowed to open,   markets and banks too,   why not school? Education is essential human need.

Good development. But,   2000 is too small compared to the population Of The state.

As usual,   employing dem with peanut renumeration compare with politheificians.

Sometimes I wonder how these people think 
If this virus gets to children Lagos is finished 
Except the virus is not real in Nigeria

Nice move from Lagos state government.

stop jumping to conclusions....has church and mosque open?

Another ruse to blind and bind the plebeians to their atrocious folly and blunder of lockdown which was totally unnecessary in the first place and would go down as one of the worst folly of our government.
After a million job loss,   hundreds of thousands dying from hunger,   we now end a lockdowm even the when the so-called coronavirus cases are still rising. It has been a scam from the very first beginning. I wonder what our government gain from hurting us
I wish the Nigerian masses would wake from this fatal slumber

It's not the right time to open schools

Good development.
Thousands of people were recently (in March) recruited into the Lagos State Secondary Schools. 
In this COVID-19 Pandemic era where people are being laid off from their jobs,   it will be a succour to some helpless Lagosians.

They should really implement this recruitment plan. 
Lots of folks lost their jobs in this pandemic even when unemployment abounds.
God will help us.

When we cry wolf for fun and likes,   we are not taken seriously when the real wolf comes.

I pray there won't be ghost employee this time

No I'm not jumping to conclusion,   but worship centers are in full operation. Banks and market too,   so what are you saying?

You comment nonsense about others after rushing to book FTC.

The virus actually have no effect in children..about 80 infected almajiri children in Kaduna have fully recovered without any symptoms..
Na adults like you suppose the fear

Education is the key...

I hope some private school teachers will take full advantage of this golden opportunity.

Dear God ,   can you please loan this governor to some states like Kogi for 6 month only kpere !

Small children cannot protect themselves like adults.

are they in full operation in Lagos,   Bank closes by what time? and how many staff are there? how quick is their services? that's not full operation and to my knowledge,   church and mosque are still locked in lagos.....so I should ask what r you saying

Just 2000? Out of 1 million Lagosian unemployed youths?

exactly my thoughts,   it seems the virus is not real because why will the government risk the lives of innocent children because of the economy,   this is a case of attempted murder until things start happening then the nigerian government commit murder be that..they should put the lives of this innocent kids first.

Not just being proactive, but results counts. 
what happens to education when the health is at serious risk and damage please think about it.

At least they should let the curves reduce before thinking of anything... we've not carried out great numbers of test yet and we are thinking of reopening Schools,   who  reason like that? It seems coro  scam for Nigeria o

and you think the number of teachers will be up-to 50000 as you say,   have you considered that some are retiring on a yearly basis,   and some are leaving the job while some die during active service to the job

I feel it's same rate when you want to buy $
The rate I quoted is what you will be charged on your card if you make online purchases.

I hope they now have sense now? not just open schools for white board teachings.
Also make sure professional teachers are recruited,   make sure that the government buys medical / lab equipments for the medical students. 
If this country had ever sponsored the MECHANICAL  engineering students,    Nigeria wouldn't have been begging up and down for a COVID19 VENTILATORS but they have no quality and sound educational background. 
Keep employing without giving them tools to do their job..
And tomorrow you send your children abroad.
Ask your students studying in Europe and others how their school system are.
Oooh. No electricity self. It would take them another 100 years to fix power supply Egypt did in 18 months this Nigeria politicians are so ANNOYING

Nice one,   employment loading....... to the unemployed

Let's not deceive ourselves please.
Over two months now,    still 200,   300 we  here. 
See,   when the Government has had enough money from all these,   they will flatten it themselves.
And this can only happen when all sectors are reopened.
That way,   there will be no one to be deceived again.
People are already living their lives in the US.

Thanks boss

You're pained 

I get you Bros,   too much corruption from our leaders.. it's high time we stop calling on coro to Rather it's time to start calling on our government to be truthful and honest as well,   stop corruption

I attended one of the public schools in lagos. Thank God for the extra efforts and grace of God,   maybe I will have become a vulcanizer or battery charger....
Lagos Public Schools are wishy-washy. They are filled with all kind of unqualified teachers probably because of the salary being paid to those teachers is small. So,   you can't get the best in lagos public school.
More so,   the lagos state government uses all this vacant opportunity to reward their party loyalists...you will see so many of them at Alausa who are not qualified to handle the position given to them.....some cannot even read and write and they put them in the office.....

Is like no more cash out again. Sanwo-olu the richest governor so far.

See what coronavirus have caused and is already causing.

For you to compare church and market to schools it shows you lack wisdom.
Let's take a university for example,  do you know the number of people that go and come out from a university daily?

Oga don't you know the children ll go back home and infect their parents and older siblings,   also the teachers are at risk,   primary schools should be the last to open when the coast is finally clear.

Yes they lead in the covid 19 cases and crime rate also .

So people don't quit jobs? No one retires?

First tell us how does recruitment of new 2000 teachers NOT impact the students lives?

If the pandemic won't be over soon then opening schools and putting children at risk isn't in any way a welcome development. The only way to cope with it is by staying at home until there is a vacin. We as a people muat take every opportunity to grow. Schools can be opened only learning will be online. The government should make internet and PCs readily available and affordable for pupils of public schools. Right thinking people learn to always see the goodness in every bad situation like this. Rushing to resume normalcy when the odds are against you is foolhardiness and the repercussions wouldn't be funny. If the old heads can't think constructively in the right directions we should. We owe ourselves the truth. This isn't about any ministry granting permissions for their own selfish interests. Its about doing things rightly. This isn't it

God will surely see us through

no mind the fool... students alone for lecture hall is another story.

Finally someone who thinks properly.. In a rush to resume normalcy we invite catastrophe. Except the virus isn't real in Nigeria the rebound will spell doom finally.

thunder fire your papa and mama. 

This information is not true. They are round off the 2000 ( tescom and subeb) employment that was put to halt due to the pandemic

allow those people... Even if the figures are true in Nigeria,   you keep schools and other sectors close means they will remain close for more than 3years.... People think vaccines will be available this year or next.

A university is a controlled system,   some with smaller campus population.... You want to compare that to markets such as main market in Onitsha or Alaba international market lagos?
Between schools and markets where can social distancing be practised. Can you practise social distancing in the markets?

what is this one saying...... Tomorrow people like you will be voted to power with this kind of policies and decision?

Are you one of the teachers?

Thier eopening of schools should be a national,   not a state decision as I was telling someone today,   the primary reason being that a lot of kids attend schools across state lines at various levels and it cannot work with the national lockdown in place.

don't you get it? Opening in one state is opening in all states.

there is nothing like covid-19 in Nigeria,   you people should try and you your sense for once and stop believe anything fantastically corrupt Nigeria government told you.
we're all watching CNN,   BBC and follow up the trends all over the world,   but only a mature & non-gullible person will know,   that their is nothing pandemic or dangerous virus in Nigeria,   but big scam,   all the evidences have being released

No,   it is not coming down.
The person probably just added small naira to it and yes,   it fluctuates sometimes but it has been between 440 - 460 for weeks now.

Health and education are equally important.

What are your thoughts,   do you think it is time to sell? Is it going higher or lower?

We hope this will not be an audio jobs to be shared among APC bigwig the way they shared palliative 

this idiot is funny. you feed from this platform. atleast now they know you are a robber and a petty scammer

I'm embarrassed on behalf of your family members,  I know you grew up in poverty but it is not an excuse to remain jobless and commit your life to displaying nuisance on nairaland,   we here see you like less than human,  just move on beforethe countless of people looking for you put you where you belong,  have mercy on your poor mother,  you're no match for anybody.

Hoodlums invade the thread,   make I  background  observe 
thank God we reach graceland 
continue updating,   I  follow 


That's too small dear.. I'm looking at a 95% possibility here

please make them call off the strike,   with what they be gotten from the FG,   continuing with the strike il loose the momentum of their reasons for the strike. Students n even the lecturers r tired of staying at home.

This government is scam,   let them start paying immediately and see how ASUU won't agree,  they will promise you something and fail later,   please if you  pally with this government please tell them make them start implementation of the promises because they have never kept any promise in their tenure

Very few rejected the offer,   so therefore,   strike suspended.
Students should go back to schools.

I just  follow this strike news back to back like say  my salary Icollect from fg

Those ones have moved on..Till further notice.

Me have not moved on ooi...
please... ASUU should stop stressing my plans

Any update on Ebonyi State University?

Can you substantiate the veracity of this post? Unilag hasn't even met. Meeting tomorrow. Kindly refrain from misleading the public.

Uniport is very useless... come to think of it that's my school,   shey I supposed  final year now,   still stuck in 400l I never even do IT self...
If them like make reject if other schools agree make I see whether them no go resume

This is why this guys are hard to bribe. The decision is base on majority carry the vote. If you like bribe the chairman...it dose not affect the outcome. You have to bribe more than 50% of ASUU members from each university...so federal governmentis better off with making a good negotiations.
How I wish this country is structured this way...so that you can't bribe just one person to silence am entire ommunity....corruption would reduced.

I don't need to confirm,   I have a memo to that effect. Making spurious and mendacious  claims could slid this nation into something else one day. Information needs to be verified before pushing it to front Page. Tomorrow is Unilag. This therefore subjects one or two other institutions on the list to be allegedly false

ASUU members have the experience to tell you otherwise. Let they do since they do not have problem doing all that.
Untill they start doing,   strike will not be suspended.

This one they are accepting the Federal Government's offer. Let them call the strike off next year; this year is almost over.

And sir we are here to share informations so I don't think there is anything wrong if you show us your own information or your seen memo
..  We'll be glad if you do
WHO'S WITH ME??

You are not alone my bro

From the update I have last night..  Unilag agreed ...  Let's see today if it's not real I'll remove it from the list of course...  
I'm here for you so Wetin I  do if I no update you wella

NLC should be the joke,   not ASUU. The ASUU type of union is what we need to augment the turn around we crave for in this country.

 There is division is OAU ASUU. I'm sure those clamoring for continuation of strike are the very extremist among the lecturers.

Bros forget o!
Bribe pass bribe o.
E get bribe  you go see,   you no go mind turning into a dictator overnight!!!!

unilag wen meet since monday

I think this vote for and against should become the basis for the suspension of this long disagreement

I'm with you ... 

In 1981,   he osinbajo was employed as a law lecturer at the University of Lagos,   Nigeria. From 1983 to 1986,   he was Senior lecturer of Law at the University of Lagos. 
he therefore as an asking deputy president of the federal government(GCON) should be able to descern the activities of ASUU over the years and should be able to recommend proscription accordingly.

If your parents sent you abroad to school,   always thank them.

Are you for real? which Friday are you talking about please

You're  wrong,   the ASUU NEC gave all units a 3-day window to have their Congress,   which is from Monday to Wednesday,   they'll not go against that by holding theirs tomorrow
Peace 

O my God,   so when are they gonna resume school?

Let's pray for next month ... 
That's if they call of strike on Friday..  Which school you ?

Once you join politics in this country,   you are trading a lot of things for power and money.

Unical o,   what if they don't call off,   what if majority rejects government's offer,   what's the verdict gonna be

Chaii,  so like this na,  only one week I get for house be that,  e go tight gan

With the way things are now 
Majority are accepting

Harvard University rejects the offer. Says Trump must appear before ASUU pannel 

You gats  prepare be that. Once  call the strike off on Friday,    to order members of their union to resume on Monday.

ASUU will call off the strike soonest...

For this kind hard time  him I want prepare,  the only thing way I go prepare  my tfare way I go use go back,  because no joy now like this

So if majority rejects the offer they'll continue strike,  but if majority accepts,  they'll suspend the strike?

There are 70 Universities Under ASUU,  so for the Strike to be called off,   at least 36 Universities will accept the offer,  once 36 Universities accept the Offer then no need to bother one self to check what others school voted For.
You only need 36 Universities to accept,   more than 15 have already Accepted ,   Remaining about 20 to go.

Thanks dear

How many universities have to accept the offer before the strike will be called off?

Wow! How many have accepted the offer right now?

Don't take the information you are getting here seriously,   ASUU doesn't take serious decisions and make it open to the public. Some of the information here is wrong. 

okay..i agree, give us the correct info sir

He said they don't make it open to the public and you're asking for info


I see the strike coming to an end

I only asked because that's where I'm aspiring to study in. Perhaps,   my brother is a medical student at EBSU.

.. I sabi naa.. I be Great FUTA pikin ooo.. 
which dept you ?

You don't get the point..
I mean there is no point in giving people bribe to keep mute if the amount of bribe you will give out to achieve it is totalling upto 80% of the actual fund that can settle the issue. 
So I didn't say the cannot bribe..ASUU power is not place in the hands of a few individuals (go and learn about how they operate). So if you want to bribe them.. 
 all i can say is good luck 


OAU ASUU should swallow their pride...CONUA will take over

 it's like Conua is not strong yet

Strike will end when government implements all the agreement reached. Government cannot be trusted

 I school in Udus..any problem?

I am not saying UNN is insignificant with regards to overall reputation,   but with regards to aluta.
As for your last paragraph,   don't be so sure. All those notable universities in the Southwest can actually hold those other ones to ransom.
Moreover,   there is no ASUU rule to the regard that they need a number of votes to call off strike.

please quote me if any thing show face...
But some pipo  talk say the info on this thread  fake news say ASUU no  make their decisions public,    true

No,   it is in the University of Ibadan.
Even the current ASUU president is a University of Ibadan professor.

My brother, such is life.

I know this guy from BbNigeria lockdown thread and  my fellow icon... I just hope whatever u're saying isn't borne out of tribal sentiments because I'll be very dissapointed in you it if that be the case

My Uniuyo is always sitting on the fence when others are acting

The rate at which people come here with "authority" to spit out false information is alarming...
You know google is just at your fingertip o

And how many universities are under ASUU?

Chief,   this is not like United States election where they count electoral points. 
Here,   it's based on the majority. 
It doesn't matter the school weight.

Did you place the calls?

UI ASUU congress is still in progress!

Make this school do resume please. Only God know when  first semester results go komot. I need to run clearance go service.

I know,   but i am sure the strike will be suspended on Friday

This year's academic calendar isn't funny and the worst in history 

I don't know where the OP got his own information from.

so the few who rejected the offer wouldn't be considered?


 you've said it all


Thanks my man

 unfortunately he's now useless to us

 mine is worst, just hoping on God for a miracle

 Ignorant comment.
Go and get yourself exposed and properly informed before disgracing yourself in the public

that guy you quoted is a dumb fellow

Easy, bro.

SACK WHO EMASS YOU DONT HAVE LECTURERS AGAIN IN NIGERIA O ALL OF THEM HAVE IMMIGRATED ITS NOT THE ONES WHO HAVE DECIDED TO STAY YOU WANT TO SACK? FUNNY GUY NYSC CORPER THEY GO CALL TO REPLACE THEM DONT WORRY

Federal University of Agriculture,   Abeokuta voted against suspension of the strike

I dropped this information yesterday evening but one person was here asking me for my *source* and concerned about me dropping false information

there are alot of toxic people here on NL. don't let it get to you


As far UNICAL accepted the offer there's high chances they'll call it off

oou University the current chairman

ok let me get my glass


So the issue was ippis all along  
apart from the additional 15bn the federal governmentoffered,   it's pretty much the same thing the zones are deliberating on. Anyway I hope they do the needful this week.

You don't need to bribe everyone.
That's clearly going to be a waste of resources.
You just need to bribe a SELECTED INFLUENTIAL members of an organization whom you can INFLUENCE with your bribe.

I doubt.. What I foresee is ASUU chapters New suggestions pulled together based on FGs offer and tabled on Friday.
Then left for federal governmentto see if they can find a way round it

Highly possible. But Ngige is looking forward to just hearing 'we're suspending our industrial action' 
They could suspend it 'conditionally' though and threaten to embark again if federal governmentfails to deliver in 1 week  

Bro you have become the plug for bloggers and micro-blog pages  

 Go and learn about how ASUU operate 
 
Bribe is only useful when given to someone with power. Now when the power is the people (not given to anyone...influential or not). Bribe loses it's purpose.
A University consisting of say 330 lecturers of which 300 are ASUU members. Votes are taking to see those in support or against a motion. same with other public universities. 
You as an influential person can not come and tell me blue is black just like that. These are educated people not illitrate. If am to accept blue to be black then money has to change hand...which will result in bribing over 50% members a cross each school.
Again I will say to you; go and learn about how ASUU operate...because if you know this then there is no point arguing except you justgist...no be today ASUU and federal government go head to head.
I admire their system dose not mean I vote for strike to continue...don't get it twisted.

 I am an aspirant also,   what course are you going for and what year is your bro.

 I'll drop my email in another thread so you could reach me so we could talk.

No problem

I think federal governmentis ready to fulfill their promises with the below circular sent out to all universities

If this is real then NIGERIA STUDENTS GATHER HERE LETS DO THANKSGIVING

Interesting... So professor Biodun Ogunyemi lecturers in UI too... No wonder him office  always  locked for OOU... This is why they are fighting against ippis... He will collect salary from both institutions o

 so there's going to be a conditional suspension probably

Bro,   That's my school too..
They are even threatening the state government with internal strike too!

He might be on sabbatical there.. Lecturers are entitled to sabbaticals when the time reach for them to go on sabbatical

Conditional suspension!!!!

If it's sabbatical at UI... I can agree because he is a full time lecturer in oou

 I'm sure of it

No matter what happen,   school will resume on January

Yeah,   it seems so
I know for a fact he is a full-time lecturer in OOU too. Bro,   "siddon look" is the only solution attimes to some of our issues in this country. Some of those Nigerian academics are just greedy.

But is the IPPIS against one lecturing in one Federal University and also another State/Private University? Or two Federal Universities?

EKSU rejected,   but they have resumed already,   what's the point exactly??  

Eksu rejected the offer?
How come they announced the resumption of their academic activities albeit voting for the strike to continue.   

I  tell you

WE WON

 I got the info from someone but I'm very sure of it authenticity.
 You can wait for when the source is available before updating.

Chai...we are indeed powerless in the hands of these monsters.

Sorry,   my lady.
I assure you that this is not borne out of tribal sentiments.
I have always known UNN to not be a force when it comes to ASUU.
And you know that when we hear ASUU,   the first thing that usually comes to our heads is STRIKE.
OAU is always at the forefront while University of Ilorin has been known to be very neutral until recent years.
So,   judging by past trends,   you could immediately forcast that OAU would likely reject the offer,   and that other chapters are more likely to be influenced by notable mentions like UI.
UNN is hardly a talking point when strikes are mentioned in Nigeria,   at least not in comparison with a university such as UI or OAU.

Do you know that you will live long if you calm down and just wait till Friday ?

UDUS actually agreed for the strike to b called off

Nice one

Unijos rejects offer and vote to continue

Udus lecturers are the laziest set of lecturers I know .......yeye pple.

ASUU Federal University Lokoja,   FUL Accepts Federal Government Offer.

Why are you not updating the list? It is still 23 till now

Based on the Info I got from a lecturer,   they were good with it and willing to call off provided federal governmentkeep with their part of the bargain.

So many fake updates here


 if I send you a text through your email,   will you be able to reply?

What is the current score?

God help us,   so sad that a promising young lady kissed the dust so early. Rest in peace

Oh Christ! So sad for a young girl.God help us in this cursed world.

Ohhhh
SO sorry. God gives life and takes away life

A dream cut short. Rest in peace Chisom 

I swear,   it's just so bad

 even the way she explain the cml cancer .u know she was a brilliant chap.may God console the family

Had to stop the video. 
Even as a man,   it was getting way too emotional for me.

Village People Crew (VPC)...can you people now see that this girl had an underlying illness right from time before her death!
I am saying this because of those who came here spewing trash about her being killed by village people because of her feat in the WAEC Exams especially those who were bashing South Easterners about killing people who they see that are succeeding!

..who told her all these at this her young age?....
Our president must be in shock seeing this young lad doing what he can't do for 8years 
Rest on dear......

You sound poor in knowledge. Why not applaud her and stop been condescending

Her death gon put a smile on Gods place,  mansion things up thr. Gold gold gold everywhere.

i tell u...this life is really rubbish....why did she have to endure so much pain

I don't wanna cry but tears betrayed me 
rest in peace brain

A gem she was.... rest in peace  little one

rest in peace  dear

Chisom,   may your soul rest in peace.
Heaven just gained a soul. 
I encourage you all to know that,   heaven is the real deal. Do all you can to make peace with your creator. 
You can't afford not to make heaven oh.

rest in peace 



Couldn't watch this. rest in peace girl. Sleep well.

Correction,    would have been a world success. We don't appreciate talents here except she's from the North . May her soul rest in peace

So sad reminds me of my late sis she couldn't achieve her dreams of becoming a barrister because of uniabuja and ASUU incessant strikes she died waiting to attend law sch 
Very smart girl jst look at her analysis rest in peace young champ

This is so sad. rest in peace intelligent damsel

I wish they could do a movie about her,   like the Hollywood movie,   clouds.

thats why i hate people shouting village people this village people that,  the first day this news came out because the  dad said chisom shouted my leg is paining me all most everyone here turnd to her innocent villager people accusing them of killing chisom,  if killing someone is that easy no one will go to a hired assasin when you can use otumokpo

So sad. I was almost in tears that I had to stop watching it. God bless your dad and give him the fortitude to bear the loss. What a wonderful child you were ,   and what caring father,   I cannot begin to imagine the pain of the parents. It is well.

Another Okonjo Iweala in the making gone!!!! rest in peace NNE. we love you but God loves you more.

Rest in peace brilliant mind.
Couldn't watch till the end.
So eloquent even in her condition.

Somewhere in France they Use HIV to fight the white blood cell.
This is my prayer. I don't want my fiancee to travel from South-South to the North this festival period only to come back home after two weeks. They should call off the strike but please postpone the resumption till January. 
God bless ASUU
God bless Nigeria

since all this NL boys will be waiting for your number,   add up Anthony Aaron Junior in Facebook

is that your selfish reason?

Calm down bro,   it does not matter OK? If school resume next week Monday,   your fiancee can still travel next year or even November next year if she want,   she can even drop out and come back after school
time for school no they pass,   like me for example I am planning to resume next year December,   your fiancee can also imitiate me and resume next year December,   time for school no  pass

 I'm going for criminology. My bro is in 300l. What of you ,   what course are you going for?

 I don't understand you sir.

If you did not understand me,   that means you need schooling more than your fiancee,   if your fiancee is resumming,   please resume with her,   you need to be taught use of English and good comprehensive and reading skill

Guys,   Every schools' calendar is different.. if ASUU calls off the strike tomorrow,   some schools might choose to resume next month and some other next year,   so it depends on your respective schools' calendar
Me now,   I'm 101% sure we are resuming next month..

What if ASUU proposes that they are paid before they resume  ??

That means there's greater possibility of the strike been called off tomorrow

 What do you mean sir?

What I mean is that you should register for jamb and school in any of this university where they will teach you good comprehensive skill

I don't see any reason why ASUU shouldn't call off the strike tomorrow.

Oh for real ?? That's good news then

 I hope they do,   I really do.. man  grow grey hair

Let's hope and pray.

 How do you know about that?
be calming down.

The way I am just following this post ehn,    like say my life depends on it.

So apparently you are done with your own education but you want our lives to be on hold because of your fiancee?
Oga I don't mean to be disrespectful but if your fiancee is tired of schooling then she should drop out.

How is he putting your lives on hold?   Man said he wishes they call off the strike but schools should resume January ,   is that a totally bad idea?   I mean we'd only have two weeks in December before festivities kick in.
You've been at home for eight months ,   staying another 2/3 weeks would it be the end of you?    abi e get something  you forget for school  you must carry this December?

that is an average Nigerian for u,  very selfish...if fed government should pay ASUU and they refuse to resume this yr,  they should withhold their December salary. Once government pay them,  let them resume work.

Well for me,   I'm sorry if I seem like a nerd ooo but I hope we resume immediately after the strike is called off because Christmas and new year are just festivals that come and go my six year education shouldn't suffer because of enjoyment of 72 hours  
 
 

God cannot answer this prayer. don't waste time and energy praying it. I need this resumption even though I am no prepared for the exams I am to face

Oga can you listen to yourself?
Someone that has graduated is telling you a student to stay at home for another one month after being at home for more than eight months.
If you don't see anything wrong with that statement then we shouldn't be having this conversation.
Na one thing for student to talk like that  another thing entirely for a graduate to talk like that. If school resumes this year and y'all don't want to go then it's cool and fine,   everyone can start whenever he/she wants.


Even me a lecturer is following the thread back to back looking for updates just as you are 

There are Just two public holidays in December. 
And i don't know why everyone is thinking that immediately ASUU suspends the strike then Zoom,   it's off to school. 
Resumption will be at the discretion of individual schools. Some schools might want to resume next week,   some the week after that and perhaps some will resume next year.

 ok we  patiently wait

Based on my opinion,   I think higher institutions have resumed since the federal governmentordered the reopening... it is only academic activities that have been affected due to the strike. So,   any institution may decide to bring its students back at anytime upon the suspension of the strike.
Don't forget that they are missing you....

 
 irony of life! 

Do you see any stamp there? Don't you know what a school bulletin is and how schools release information?

 Please explain further sir. I don't get it.

Which school do you lecture,   and what do your school vote for?

If you have to cross ten states before getting to your school,   you would have understood my point of view. Knowing fully well that you still have to travel to and from in less than a month.

If at this point you have not still get it,   then I am sorry to say that your problem is bigger than African 
only Jesus can help you at this point  

 Africa? I'm not really good at proverbs. I'm a straight forward person.

Yes sir 
 

Really? Well,   me I am not really good in English,   I am a circle forward person  

That means no need to be going to hospital again na,   since we already have a doctor here,   please drop your phone number so that I can be calling you anytime I am feeling headache in my stomach 

 Okay sir. I'm grateful.


 be greateful to God not me

Well,  you know say things hard for Nigeria and my visa money must complete #Vision2026.....no be for free   
 
 
 
Just joking though still in my 100 level

 Thanks a lot.

 Sure bro I know . 
Its purely on the discretion of various institutions like you said

Be deceiving yourself. School is not break. Some of our mates have almost completed another session. If you don't want to resume,   apply for suspension of studies

bro where did you get this Info?

I am not suprised,   AAU is my school,   I know they will reject it,   they are the most corrupt school in Nigeria,   in fact,   if you see where AAU want to carry out their corrupt act enh,   even devil  carry chair sit down to learn 1 or 2 things  

thank you o. Are you a medical student? 
People are just acting like kids. Undergraduate studies is a point of transitioning. What's the point of growing into an adult if you still regard festivals with so much importance

Did i tell you I'm an undergraduate?

Okay, so kindly stop meddling into it then

Can you point out where i said school shouldn't resume? 
If you can't, then you have a bad reading culture. 
I have wards in school, so it's effectively part of my business.

I'm not surprised.
Where have you been?

Thinking about you 

God will punish them.
Besides the votes coming in from schools that are accepting are getting higher and once it's 36 votes then uniben and other schools that rejected will bow their heads in shame


School will soon resume

Stop being a simp and respect yourself.

Okay,   I'm sorry. It's the silly reasons I've been seeing around that's making me offensive.
I hope school resumes sha

calm down buddy 

That will be nice
Maybe you can share some wisdom with me  

please I want to leave ooo
I pray Nigeria gets better but they will frustrate the goodness out of somebody 
don't mind him, all this while he keep quite now that God has done it for student he is talking rubbish nonsense
It is just the same thing as when you are poor, no body with like to make friend with u,   but immediately you become rich you will start seeing fake love and fake friends from different angle

Start thinking about your exams.

If they resume this year, I will join them next year..
That will be nice
Maybe you can share some wisdom with me   
 
Sure, which school though ?

There's still 3 weeks for school

The 3 weeks is not enough,   they should postpone it to next year.

It will shock you tomorrow. By the way,   do you have pending exams? 

I don't think ASUU will call off this strike tomorrow.

If you want clicks just state it. There is nothing here that affirms or negates what's on ground.


we will look into this

My fellow icon spotted...  
If they don't call off the strike tomorrow,   I'll just go to Mars and start a new life    

I'm not suprised at all
Are you in any of the schools?

got any spare space on your spaceship?..just incase

I don't mind staying in the boot if the spaceship has one

just in case there's no more space in your spaceship,   I can hang on with rope even though it leaves me floating in the air

Yeah. Strike will not be suspended tomorrow but an agreement could be reached.
Suspension will require FGN to deliver on some of the items offered. 
Salaries and earned allowance have to be paid and renegotiation has to commenced before suspension.

I don't need a space,    please can you just tie me by the wings? Dont worry about the rope i will provide a solid one

Hi sister are you a Med Student?
which school?

The main agreement has been reached. Plus renegotiations have taken place haven't they? That's the reason ASUU told universities to consult

It should be positive from the percentage of universities agreeing

Of course it would.. The voting was very much in favour of calling the strike off today,   like I said earlier before,  ... I don't see any reason why ASUU shouldn't call off the strike today..

That is my Alma mata  
Your campus should be in Sagamu.

Who can verify this please?
I saw it on a group!

No agreement has been reached yet. There maybe an agreement at the end of today's meeting.
What happened last week is that government upgraded her offer to ASUU and the union directed her members to look at the new offer and take resolution on each item. The results from various congresses were collated yesterday and will be presented to government today. This is what will form the basis for any agreement if the results from congresses are in favour of accepting government offer. Otherwise the meeting will be inconclusive.
If the meeting reach an agreement then it will be left for government to start implementing what she promised immediately especially those items I mentioned in my previous post.
Renegotiation has not commenced. Government team has been reconstituted. Renegotiation is an important item in the struggle. It is what will give ASUU members new salary that is due for review. The hope is for renegotiation to be completed and new salary captured in 2021 budget. It may prolong the strike.

Same though my school is the better by far University (  Unilorin).
You might know Dr. Jargo then.

!!!
You should have just removed the Unilorin in the bracket to see if he will understand already.
So Unilorin students fit follow us  check ASUU livescore... Chai!!! 
so what are the chances that the strike will be called off today sir

You didn't read what you quoted or you're just being sarcastic?

Zero chance.

No meeting today again oooo
strike continues  
I should just forget about engineering and enter cocoa farm

Stop spreading rumours.

FG and ASUU can call off the strike but should please wait till January before schools will resume. Pity those who have to travel for 24 hours before getting to their school. They will still have to come back home for Christmas holiday. It doesn't make sense to resume this year.

please no answer this guy jhor...  
Some foolish people no go allow person talk in peace..  The next thing they'll think of commenting fake news.. 
If you don't know what to post just view and leave

Are you sure??

When school will resume is not the business of ASUU nor FG. When the strike is over,   it's up to your school to decide when to call students back. 
However,   i believe college students are not kids,   it's not compulsory to travel home for Christmas if your school is far from home.

9 good months!.
It's better to spend 4days in school celebrating Xmas and new year than spend another month at home

wait and see

Stop holding on to hearsays with 100% certainty.

I heard that the meeting has been postponed 
 

No vex boss..  I just thought texting (it's not true..  There's no meeting)  won't be bad..  Instead of texting FAKE NEWS..  You know how that sounds right

Anyways I'm sorry bro

is like meeting  ooo

Lemme catch you

Meeting is ongoing..lets hope it ends positive and strike called off

Make we carry federal governmentand ASUU Go betNigeria so una go fit bet wether they will call of the strike or not...

Meeting actually started 2:25 sorry guys for the false information

which false info
lets not always be in haste to tag post fake unless  sure of the claim

Suspending strike and school resumption are two different things. School authorities decide when school will resumed even after suspension of strike.

So far so good

I have to give it to the handler of this account  

Similar info is on this platform.
And it even came 5 mins earlier before the parody guy tweeted.
Plus no clear msg,   everything looks disjointed

I got the info the meeting ended in deadlock

This silence doesn't feel good  

 Wouldn't be surprised,   with the silence surrounding the whole thing.

Meeting has ended in deadlock
everyone should go to bed. 
Next meeting holds next week Wednesday 

I swear I'm tired
Most News say strike is being called off

Just Punch is most? It's only Punch that has reported that an agreement has been reached.

The Nation too

Not only punch bro

The Nation too 
Oh, my bad! I've only seen Punch's on Google.

Perhaps Biodun will talk tomorrow.

Thanks bro.
I pray he doesn't come out and say different thing. Even if resumption is not this year,   they should at least call the strike off.

Different schools will announce different resumption dates. ASUU have no business with that.

Yes. I know. They should sha call the strike off.

I  hear about another meeting.

Next meeting on Wednesday to finalize all agreements and *actually* suspend the strike. They'll take this offer back to their members. Not what the newspaper headlines are painting (though positive).

saw that too.

What offer again? 
Majority of the chapters already voted in favour of the 65B offer. What's the need to take another offer back to them again? 
ASUU is just buying time. Now the VCs can continue with the employment spree.
I saw someone saying he was employed with 2.2. The Ghost workers Spaces have to be occupied.

Well ASUU does whatever they feel like 
Remember some zones while in favor were still adamant on seeing actual implementation. Plus it's more than just money matter, the issue of visitation and all that.  And oh additional 5 billion for them  

I read from someone on here that ASUU won't call off till after implementation of which they've given the federal governmenta timeframe .    So if they call it off next week Friday, does it mean federal governmenthas started implementation already?

well it could be. federal governmenthas to be totally unserious if they haven't started some sort of implementation. The salary arrears timeframe is from now till December so there's a bit of time there  
Basically both parties see eye to eye now,   just that they're dragging their feet with all this their protocols  
I expect them call it off earlier than Friday though  

back to the executives not members. members have spoken and accepted 65bn. the executives are to consider other factors while they also await alert to suspend the strike. all these should happen on or before Wednesday when they'll be meeting again

From this i can draw a conclusion that both parties are not serious at all. They still want to chop into next again. Then wetin remain again for this year to finish. They should leave it next year

confusion everywhere

poor journalism in Nigeria

I graduated from Uniben.

wow which year did you grad and what did you study?

They should shaa call it off,   
Let some of us extort our parents small 

And that useless Minister is absent again

I'm tired of flipping books,   I just want to go my way and live my life. ASUU isn't the final decision maker in my life,   I just wonder why they and the federal governmentact as though they are.

If this meeting once again comes out fruitless, then they are all very selfish.  

It has been called off

Cool

The educational system looking so like forest....

how do you know

Where did you see this?

I graduated 2017. LASU Senate delayed the approval of my result till date. ASUU strike too came in. If coming back to this planet earth would bring me back to Nigeria,   I would rather come back as a fire extinguisher or water dispenser. 

They should not call it off oh. I need to collect salary

What is ASUU? Is it the same as the one in the club house?

Many kids on Nairaland

ASUU, always striking 

Hoping for a positive result.

I have a feeling the strike will be called off this week if not even today sef

How do you know that

.....and the merry-go-round continues.
I support amaechi,   everybody in this country needs to be killed for the country to move forward,   except me.

 you re seriously high.


No outcome yet?
Meanwhile, don't let all these depressive news and situations in the country weigh you down. Hit this button and get yourself elated with this latest 2019 full HD movie. If you enjoy, don't forget to subscribe to the Channel for more. God bless Nigeria and you too. Amen

The meeting will succeed

We're on strike 

All those twitter acc. ASUU said they are not on twitter.

Just following this thread calmly

The biggest mistake in my entire career is going to school without learning hand work... I have suffered strike since year 2 till date ....... Education is a scam in Nigeria ....... may God Help us in this country...... my kids must learn hand work before going to Harvard or covenant university

same here

If them like let them be playing with students na
What is my own. I will remain in the house and see all the movies
If I get tired of movies, I will  read all the books there 
If I get cloyed, I will visit porn sites and destroy my life yet again  
I'm seriously pained

that's cool

They will be surprised when their members will start pulling out,  the meetings are going on in most universities

God should help us please.... the future of innocent Nigerians is at stake.

ASUU should go and die.
Sell out to private and foreign universities

Just look at a Nigerian student who can't even type a single sentence comprising of lexical and grammatical accuracy. 
All he could type was poorly constructed jargons filled with 'shorthand' 
I weep for our Nigerian education

they are just playing cheese and you, what are u?

you are seriously mad!

..yh I pray they call it off say next week Friday or so.. Not today

 very unpleasant way of correcting people. Moreover,   you also used 'comprising of' rather than 'comprising'

Chai. See the large number of people viewing this thread

ASSU world best striker

Did you just call your name "The Man of The Year"? This is very bad of you. Never complain. Be known as a positive, strong, energetic and enthusiastic person. Someone who complains,   is cynical and always looks for the negative in everything.
I've even forgotten my faculty 

What of Labour meeting

Every body in Nigeria is crying

So Finally,   what was the conclusion?

How I wish ASSU members can be beaten by students 

ASUU has kept everyone in suspense on their twitter page.
Says details later.
While someone in the replies said he heard fromuch TVC that it has been called off.
Sigh.

This is obviously photoshopped

why not get bored learning programming. Just use it to pass time like me

If you are enjoying the strike stylishly gather here 

Like me too 

okay

last year's news

I don't believe it

OH THANK GOD IT HAS NOT BEEN CALLED OFF

seems it has been called off,   from what most people are saying sha

Thank you

LAUTECH has resumed already,  other schools to follow suit soon.

This tension is not good for the soul.

How much you paid to start? Youtube or where?

University of Ibadan can't pull out, they are the strike.
But regardless,   Glory to God.

To be continued...

.....before the end of the month ,  they will call it off

! We shall see

Breaking News: strike continues as ASUU,   federal governmentmeeting deadlocked again

Hope

There are many types of Leukamia,  some more deadly and aggressive than others.
And when it comes to Leaukamia,  the word is REMISSION,  meaning that the disease can be stalled and kept at bay for as long as possible but CURE may not be possible.. 
Roman Reings of WWE (Wrestling) had to under go treatment 10 years after the initial treatment and presentation..
So Carl Ikeme (Nigerian goalkeeper) is on REMISSION,  not cured..

I couldn't help crying!!!
In her excruciating pains,   she was still concerned of her father's health..
After all the pains she went through,   the stress and resources expended on her,   death would still not have sympathy.
It is well.
rest in peace, Chisom.

Beautiful soul taken away too soon. Keep resting in eternal bliss Chisom  
 
Creating Opportunity: 
An enterprising person is one who comes across a pile of scrap metal and sees the making of a wonderful sculpture. An enterprising person is one who drives through an old decrepit part of town and sees a new housing development. 
An enterprising person is one who sees opportunity in all areas of life. To be enterprising is to keep your eyes open and your mind active. It's to be skilled enough,   confident enough,   creative enough and disciplined enough to seize opportunities that present themselves... regardless of the economy. 
A person with an enterprising attitude says,   "Find out what you can before action is taken." Do your homework. Do the research. Be prepared. Be resourceful. Do all you can in preparation of what's to come. 
Opportunities abound everywhere. Look carefully and you'll be amazed by the awesome wealth creation Opportunities all around you. It's all about insight. It's all about looking where others are too scared to look.

Life is never Balance .There are some Children who wish to go to school but there Parent could not afford school fees ,  Some Parent could afford sending them to School but could not continue because they weren't good Academically .Some Children has sound Health but got no sound brain to Learn in School .Chisom is Brilliant ,  Her Parent could afford to give her Good Education but Alas! She has a Terrible Health Challenge ,  Money could not solve it ,   Qualified Medical Practitioner could not save her ...She Died...Quite an Unfortunate Incident....Sickness could have shelved her ,  Death could have Shelved her on the Note of her Brilliancy but He'll No .Imagine how her Geniuses would have Contributed immensely to our Society ... Sickness and Death does not care ...This Life is such a Course with an Unending Reality .Rest On Chisom ...Tears dropping my eyes Typing this .

I couldn't watch the clip to the end knowing she's passed on.

rest in peace .

Here we have Buhari, Obasanjo,tinubu and all the bad leaders making life unbearable for the masses. Look at this angel, just look at, why can't death take all these bad people and leave this gal? We have NGpariot,   mannavulture,   helinus and other zombies death would have swallowed. 
Rest in peace great chap! your God failed you

What a pity. This does not have anything to do with leukemia. the work of the evil ones. They have seen her stars. I wished the parents had gone the spiritual,   prayer route. those involved would have died mysteriously and the poor girl would have lived. Everything no be hospital oo. Prayer is the key. The evil ones have no reason to live.
While working in a blue chip company over a decade ago,   I dreamt and say our chairman seated in the office,   full of life. Whereas there was a lady whose face i did not see clearly,   drawing some fluids away from his body. the fluids were dropping in a brown calabash placed on the floor. I asked in that dream,   what's happening to my chairman and i heard a voice saying,   it's his body nutrients she was drawing.  The following morning,   i narrated what I saw to my colleague in the office who was also attending a renown Pentecostal church . He said well ,  he would have gone to meet him because of his closeness to him but he would not even take such a thing seriously. Moreover,   he was a free thinker  who believes if he does not harm anybody,   he expects nobody to harm him. Barely a year after,   this man was down with Leukemia and flown to the UK for Chemo. I did not know what this was as of then so I asked google...I read it was a cancer of the blood...his nutrient had gone. He was ok and preparing to come home for Christmas. They had renovated his home in ikoyi ahead of christmas. Suddenly,   he collapsed and died. His body was flown back home. He was such a nice man. I do not take my dreams lightly. Whatever i saw must come to pass ,   except I pray to avert it. Evil people abound.

Rest on my dear Chisom Chukwuneke you are indeed a blessing to your entire household,   may the good Lord gives every members of your entire Family the fortitude to bear this great irreparable loss. Keep on resting in the bosom of our Lord Jesus Christ.

May she rest in the peaceful bosom of our lord

I don't know who else managed  to watch this video to the end. God why ? Chisom was indeed a gift to the world. A lad with unimaginable brilance. Then I remembered the Dad and was trying to imagine the type of agony and pain he must have gone through.
So I cried all through. I know our cries don't wake the dead. Please God,   you are the only one that can comfort this family. Please DO.

I am so heart-broken listening to her. May her soul rest in peace.

What a brilliant girl!
Now,   I know why the caged birds sing!

You are in heaven already because you left a brilliant legacy,   very inspiring and worthy of emulation by younger generation. Rest on little one

rest in peace  BEAUTIFUL SOUL. 
IT SADDENS ME.

Rest in peace

She was so optimistic and fighting for her life..... and her dad did everything humanly possible for her survival. So sad she lost the battle at the end. May God console her family.

Such a bright and intelligent girl. May your soul rest in peace.

Is south Africa best,   if so,   why do  African leaders seek medical care outside Africa. Is it not the same illness a nigerian footballer or so was treated in Europe.

May she rest in peace it was inspiring to hear her share her story was so sad to know she didn't survive it but she left a great legacy behind in her results despite her struggles 
Our leaders need to invest in our healthcare system. Her father was truly her hero
My condolences are with their family

I am not in the best position to answer the question. Maybe you should have advised prof felix chukwuneke to take her to LASUTH,   JUTH,   ATBUTH,   UNTH or even Bishop Shanahan Hospital Nsukka

Stop this nonsense! If God loved her, she shouldn't have died!


 so God hates her that's why she died??

You're making a claim the dad knows best to her, why should I advise the dad?

Politics kills you there. Don't know if any of the names you mentioned above is your minister of health or every member of a cabinet should be health practitioner. Petty somebody!

And you are trying to tell me he did not make consultations before settling for SA

Another hero lost

Rip gentle soul.

May your gentle and Innocent soul continue to rest in Peace, Amen. Rest on Pretty Soul!

when something wants to happen,   it will... Her father is a surgeon,   a prof at unth enugu,   there was a GoFundMe in her name,   she was in south africa for treatment...  just her time,   may God rest her soul.
 
Trash and gibberish as usual. They claimed to be religious but yet they lack faith. Always attributing illness,   death,   misfortune,   etc to some evil people hiding somewhere.

I quit. Thank God ragp has  paid me

Hope

Says who

If this strike is affecting you, try starting a blog
 

The strike has been suspended not called off

what is 20bn? mtcheew... divide it amongst the universities in Nigeria and see how much each gets.. 
if ASUU called off this strike for a peanut like that nature will punish them severely.

The strike continues.

Its better than you guys staying at home.

Source?

After so much hope today

strike continues...meeting ends in deadlock

ASUU to take the resolution of the meeting back to their members and get back to federal governmenton Thursday 10th of this month.. The strike will most likely be suspended then.. I rise.. Court!!!!

Saw this

I hate this man he lies too much

Okay

I am building my business and enhancing my skills mam, I care less about a very long stay at home
the engineering we are studying in school is almost useless if nothing is done to step up the level of things.
I prefer staying at home than going back to that trash again!

please how. Do start earning on it can you guide me I just registered   today your relationship  with customers  and the likes of others I would like to know thanks in advance

Didn't you see that the writer wrote in pidgin slang?

bro you can simply drop out and do what you want to do

Not true rather many Nigeria students are weeping

That is because that university benefit more from the struggle

when I am almost done? get some sense please

Lets get Nigeria working.
God bless you all.

Jubril doesn't care. After all, he is not a Nigerian.

What about NLC strike? Is it still on or called off?!

I tried python a year ago ooo. I saw that it wasn't my thingI didn't have the zeal nor the acumen. It was bland So I quit. 
Don't even know what to do with my pitiful life now Good luck with your skill. Don't just use it to fiddle ooo, do it with your heart mind and soul  

sorry Bro....

Lazy government


treat your brain........ I'm just saying

 Possibly,   and the National Secretariat is located in UI I guess,   but regardless,   they should free someone's child jare


I'm a graduate actually searching for job. I'm just learning it to pass time. It may come handy.
If programming isn't your thing,   you could try learning animations or 3D Architectural designs.
I just hate being idle. 
Which course are you studying by the way?

This is the reason ASUU should still remain on strike!  


which one is conditional again?  FTC. Nice one

Strike is over

Good. Exam straight


whether conditionally or unconditionally resumption is certain.

Happy mood. Though I'm on SIWES,   the plan work out.

Bad news for some people and good news for some people... All this slay kings and queens will start disturbing my eyes now up and down 

Nice one!

All these boys and girls that missed eachother are pretending to have missed school ..great one ASUU

But guess what? Even getting that out doesn't make this any more bearable. Think about this: a strike that affected you in your first year of undergraduate studies,   and prevented you from writing your final exams as at when due,   has caught up with you in your MSc; where on earth does that happen?
Some even confuse ASUU for an acronym of a university.....#too much confusion in Nigeria

Good development. students back to school. 

so we won't escape these incourses

it has happened

Good news.
Have their demands been met?
There's no point calling off The strike only to start another strike next year.
Nigerian Education system is in jeopardy.
Finally,   now I can sleep

Thank you Jesus! 

But which one is 'conditional suspension' again?

What's funny  

Finally 

Ok. Now one can leave this system in peace!

Cunning man die, cunning man bury am.

That moment when you are enjoying your business and profit then ASUU call off the strike. Oh ASUU gan ,   reading  done tire me Owo lojawo now (Na money be the main thing) . wetin I take  first degree do self,  now second  degree,   anyway it is well .

This people and their masquerade dance.
Going back and forth.
We don't care anymore.

bubu is a parasite and a terrorist

this is the reason We have made lots of progress and agreed on the Union's demands and we produced what we called Collective Agreement of Action' but ASUU calls it Memorandum of Action because they want implementation,   he said.

ASUU which one is conditional suspension ?

good mood

I don't know if I should be happy or sad. just confused   

Will ASUU strike ever end in Nigeria

This people can confuse person ooo...
good

not that the strike affected me anyway

still on holiday

ASUU tenx for waste of time..

use your dictionary!

Hahaha..Nice one ASUU

Wow,  what a good news and another good point for the apc government.this is one of the shortest ASUU strikes ever.am happy it was resolved by the government inspite of dwindling revenue unlike the past administrations that allowed the strikes to linger with excess revenue.up apc

Good news... I'm glad

The iDiot just waste people time,   mad people

Aluta continua,   Victoria ascerta.

The issue there is that let us not travel back to school and in couple of weeks federal governmenthave not  fulfilled their pledges and ASUU ( WE ARE GOING BACK)

What of NASU? ?? SSANU and the rest

which school


lazy students be like....

This goats are still threatening to continue the strike by October... they called the strike off for just a month

So you justcome to tell that you're doing second degree

Exams on my mind

oops.... What is this!

 but I forget the things  them teach us and exams starts immediately. I am finished. God please I want to copy,   don't allow me copy,   Amen

I have not been Reading


We uniben students did nor even enjoy the strike. Its a good one though although Nasu,   Naat and Ssanu are still om strike. See educational contents here o3schools.com

tomorrow like this.... I de go back school 

They should give a week before exams start to enable people settle

what a relieve,   at lease this girl can leave my house now,   after finishing my food. I just hope I don't become a father soon. Well,   I'm planning to go to Ghana next month. Secondly,   this is the best news in this country since the beginning of 2017

Never expected this

I see you bad man 

God of olise. 
Thank yhu 
Hope it Will work, because i am going back home

badnews

As soon as buhari jump into that jet,   positive things start happening. please mk him  till 2019 and mk any person no dare protest about his absence.

when is the official resumption date

i just  see this nonsense for everywhere...


thank God ooo

Better,  welldone

Are you not one too?

Screenshots and Videos of the meeting or I do not believe it

thank God we are on holiday i rep nasarawa state university keffi

I'm the happiest person now

my books where are you, i'm coming back for you

Strike is now over

Interestingly, some persons will not be happy with this news.

it's a good news.....
already ironing my cloths for external defence.   
clearance continues


I will start reading the second semester materials I brought home since all these days. Home is full of here and there ( work)  !  If you go home with your books but you're yet to open them,   raise up your hand.

Its funny to know that some people have actually been enjoying the strike 
I thought y'all always beg for the strike to end,   ha ha. Everyone is a serious student.

Double good news for lautech sudents

it's a free world,   
go strike your own too.

this one just weak me 
ASUU has Finish me

I am sad!
Very sad   
 

ASUU strike that didn't last for more than 3months,   is that one ASUU strike?

ASUU strike wen nor reach 6months is dat 1 an ASUU strike?*

Ordinary strike ASUU cannot hold

so this people think they can use grammar to twist people, " which one is conditional suspension "

This has to be probably the most unexcited I've ever been about heading back to school, since my secondary school days.

Conditional Suspension,   in this Context means 1 month suspension,   if government fail to comply they will go back to the strike

student back to school

 Thank God.

My younger brother will start calling now! 
What kind of problem is this?


first half over... prepare for next half


It's yours is worse

Happy resumption

Shity educational system 

You happy also?

Please soft bread only oh....

I no near small sef... 

I'm not biko... 

Shocking  news
Akokite over here. That news is false,   we are not starting on monday.
I never read anything o

ASUU break my heart 

Industrial Action is better understood in Nigeria.

Get out of here

thank God ooo

Thank God,   time to start reading

Good news.

don't let them hear you ooo 

which one is conditional again?  FTC. Nice one

Strike is over

Chai person has see something,   ASUU strike  follow get half time,   futo should just use this small break to give us exam biko

They did not even allow us to make small money.

Nice one!

But guess what? Even getting that out doesn't make this any more bearable. Think about this: a strike that affected you in your first year of undergraduate studies,   and prevented you from writing your final exams as at when due,   has caught up with you in your MSc; where on earth does that happen?
Some even confuse ASUU for an acronym of a university.....#too much confusion in Nigeria

Good development. 
so we won't escape these incourses

it has happened

Good news.
Have their demands been met?
There's no point calling off The strike only to start another strike next year.
Nigerian Education system is in jeopardy.

these children go back to school 

Finally,   now I can sleep

Thank you Jesus! 

What's funny  

Finally 

Ok. Now one can leave this system in peace!

Cunning man die,   cunning man bury am.

What are the conditions Op

please be straight forward for once.......
This is human ambition 

This people and their masquerade dance.

We don't care anymore.

bubu is a parasite and a terrorist

this is the reason We have made lots of progress and agreed on the Union's demands and we produced what we called Collective Agreement of Action' but ASUU calls it Memorandum of Action because they want implementation,   he said.

ASUU which one is conditional suspension ?
good mood

I don't know if I should be happy or sad. just confused   

Will ASUU strike ever end in Nigeria

These people can confuse someone

good

not that the strike affected me anyway

still on holiday

ASUU tenx for waste of time..

use your dictionary!

Hahaha..Nice one ASUU

Wow,  what a good news and another good point for the apc government.this is one of the shortest ASUU strikes ever.am happy it was resolved by the government inspite of dwindling revenue unlike the past administrations that allowed the strikes to linger with excess revenue.up apc

Good news... I'm glad

The iDiot just waste people time,   mad people

Aluta continua,   Victoria ascerta.

The issue there is that let us not travel back to school and in couple of weeks federal governmenthave not  fulfilled their pledges and ASUU ( WE ARE GOING BACK)

What of NASU? ?? SSANU and the rest

 which school

This goats are still threatening to continue the strike by October... they called the strike off for just a month

let's connect
Exams on my mind

but I forget the things  them teach us and exams starts immediately. I am finished. God please I want to copy,   don't allow me copy,   Amen

I have not been Reading

They should give a week before exams start to enable people settle

what a relieve,   at lease this girl can leave my house now,   after finishing my food. I just hope I don't become a father soon. Well,   I'm planning to go to Ghana next month. Secondly,   this is the best news in this country since the beginning of 2017

Never  expected this

I see you bad man 

badnews

As soon as buhari jump into that jet,   positive things start happening. please mk him  till 2019 and mk any person no dare protest about his absence.

when is the official resumption date

Better,   well done

Are you not one too?

Screenshots and Videos of the meeting or I do not believe it

 thank God we are on holiday i rep nasarawa state university keffi

I'm the happiest person now

Interestingly,   some persons will not be happy with this news.

... very unfair.

You wrote brilliantly and intelligently . I was surprised she was aware of all the procedures and all . Couldn't finish watching as I was a bit terrified seeing her on those tubes and all .

She's finally at peace in a better place

Rest in peace namesake
 You deserved better but God knows best. You'll be remebered 

She was a shadow of her old self before she died.
I'm sad. I'm pained.
Rest in peace,   Chisom. Life's such a bitch!

 rest in peace  princess

May her soul rest in peace. Amen

Very sad,

May her gentle and innocent soul rest in perfect peace.

Nigerias medical system kills Nigerian patients faster than the disease. Evil and cold medical staff,   fake medicines,   evil government that can not monitor and provide necessary environment etc. Nigeria is a farm where no one cares about the wellbeing of the animals.

Rest In Peace Nwannem.

Chisom ,  I'm still perplexed at your death . Watching this video has retouched the pain of your death once more.
My lecturer ,  your dad (oral and maxillofacial) struggled to keep you alive but death could not spare a rare gem like you 
May you continue to rest in the bossom of the Lord .Adeu Nne,  Adeu Ada nna ya !!!!!!

Rest on Chisom dear.  I really wished you pulled through. Anyway God knows best and I am glad your out of pains at last

Such a brilliant young intelligent soul,   short life she had.
 rest in peace 

Really sorry for this was it cancer or something else

A star is dimmed!
Why  beautiful souls like this don't last is still a wonder!

Couldn't finish the video as I could not hold back the tears in public 
...
# rest in peace  champ......

  ;Dthis is wickedness how can you compare buhari to this girl? Their level of intelligence is not nearly the same. 

Learnt more about the body system from this video than I have in my entire life. rest in peace genius

..the pain she was in was too much . imagine being on morphine and still feeling pain. Makes me wonder and ask what this life is all about. Her only offense is being a human being. There are so many kids out there with the same condition just imagine the pain they are going through especially those who can't afford basic health care.
I really cried on this 
 

Good people pass away; the godly often die before their time. But no one seems to care or wonder why. No one seems to understand that God is protecting them from the evil to come.


Wow,   such a brilliant and funny soul.  


What a big lose.


Google my broda,   Google

it's a good news.....
already ironing my cloths for external defence.   

Ur own  highest slay sef

I will start reading the second semester materials I brought home since all these days. Home is full of here and there ( work)  !  If you go home with your books but you're yet to open them,   raise up your  hand.

Its funny to know that some people have actually been enjoying the strike 
. I thought y'all always beg for the strike to end,   ha ha. Everyone is a serious student.

Double good news for lautech sudents

it's a free world,   

 Thank God.

Meaning what?

Thank God,   time to start reading

Good news.

... No let them hear you ooo 

Google 
'The ting goes by Michael Dapaah'

 Judging by the unreliability of certificates/degrees in Nigeria,   medical doctors end up becoming caterers,   some banking and finance graduates goe into auxillary (useless version of) nursing,   and lots more.
Well,   my computer science education has met parochialism here in one company where I work as an elevator technician/engineer. 
Do we have any chemist selling Akara? Please talk to us 

am a chemist
Working as a security officer
God 

 Are you kidding me? 

 I don't know what lalasticlala studied but I'm sure that's not related to what he's doing right now. 

 I studied Political Science/Public Admin

I studied petrochemical engineering but here I am working in a police station  
Nigeria magic!!!

i Bet more than 90% of the folks here didn't practice what they studied. Main reason I attest to the fact that there are courses that are useless as far as Nigeria is concerned. 
If you're not in the medical field,   then BOOM,   oyo  your case. 
Law students self Dey drag you make you come swear affidavit for their side. If I get any Wuhan scholarship laidis,   oooinn,    to Jakpa.

I studied petroleum engineering,   I work as a body guard to a top politician. 
Dem say make we read say good job go come.
Hope you all have seen....

I studied Linguistics working at ministry of agric

I studied library and information science,   currently am working as an information consultant

I studied Bizz ADM,  I'm an entrepreneur making millions from my field of study.. Bizz ADM 
is among the best course to study...
forget government jobs.

I studied computer science and I'm working at MTN

So we actually studied same course 
 

Well I studied Pol science,   And am now a chache boy 

Studied Transport Management ,  working as a Logistics and procurement officer.

 CURRENTLY WORKING AS A BEER DRINKER AND NAIRALAND POSTER (PART TIME).

Studied Economics but currently a phone technician ( sales & repair) and also trade Forex and Options

 

Industrial physics. 
Nuclear scientist now.
Private firm sha.

I studied Banking and Finance but,   now a Transporter..
Hi to Cooperate Bankers in the house



brother life is not fair at all oooo 

in a developed country people looks for jobs and get employed but in my father's land
Looking for job is our job

Oh Wow,   You are now an Admin of a Public Forum 

this your job good oooo brother,   if vacancy  tell me

Bro please where can I train to be a Elevator Technician

Studied accounting working as an auditor/accountant. There is no rule or law that says you must practice what you studied. 95% of occupations just require common sense asides medical and most science related fields..

NCE Physics and Chemistry,    BSc Geology,   currently am a Teacher and a part time Delivery manager for a logistics company...

Studied Financial management Technology,   By his GRACE,    working with one the top federal government ministry

Civil engineering but now I'm a "solar guy" and I  find electricity fascinating these days.
Whilst in 200l I resented EEE courses but Alas... Life 

Theatre Arts. I am a baker

Peace and conflict management but now I cause trouble  

I studied Science Laboratory Technology and I'm  pressently working in a pharmaceutical industry as a Quality Analyst. 
Valid!

I studied Accounting but I am a Facilities Manager in Lekki

Physics working as Telecoms Engineer

Imagine

I work in a Bank, I did Engineering, What I do in the Bank and What I studied are not related by 2000 miles.

i studied civil engineering, and i practice my engineering

Philosophy. Now a social media manager and Jumia Sales Consultant.

I study Business Admin. I am a professional marketer

Nigeria is Scam


Studied microbiology presently heading the microbiology unit of the quality control department of a pharmaceutical production company

Business Admin,   industrial relation and personal management...Presently,   Telecom Infrastructural Engineer  ...

Currently studying pharmacy..And I'll definitely practice with my degree.

Please how were you able to get this job

Industrial Mathematics but working as a graphics designer

studied building at unizik,  currently working with a construction company. I so much love construction world.

may God help your condition brother

Yet your job has no name

Accounting One of the greatest Accountant on Earth.... making waves as an Accountant CEO of my Companies Billionaire by 2022

Biochemistry Currently a business man
I studied Medicine. But now I work as an online Bubu Zombie. Earning 30k  

Mechanical engineering working as Programmer/Freelancer

studied business admin and electronic/electrical.. working as a syrup room technician for a beverage producing company

Studied accounting but working for an insurance company as a third party motor vehicle insurance marketer

I studied Mechanical Engineering (first class) but now a Tax and Management Consultant.
The quantitative aspect of my engineering helped me a lot to axe some of the aptitude tests and scholarship exams even qualifying as a chartered accountant without repeating any paper.

I studies Business Administration and I trade forex. By the way,   I snap girls picture...  
 
Studied Biochemistry. Self employed with 12 staff,   we are into real estates,   car dealing and general contractor. 

Banking and Finance,  ...But now a shoemaker. I'm a female though...Go checkout my page 

I studied Banking and finance,   went for masters in Business Admin,   second masters in Economics,   3rd masters in Business innovation,   ICAN,   ICSAN,   and FNIM.
I am a company secretary

Economics but working as an Accountant.

Guidance and Counselling...at present laptops sales and repair

Studied Pharmacy,  working now as an Exotic Pharmacists  

I'm still studying physics I hope I get a job though am in 2.2

please tell me in the name of God dat you are not serious.

What a stupid Country we live in

I read Accounting but ended up as a Proprietor.

Agricultural engineer turned farmer

Nice one Sir

I studied civil engineering and currently working as a secretary and also an entrepreneur (poultry farmer) 
Nigeria all the way

Majored in Mechanical Engineering. 
Work as a field engineer in a multinational.

Economics as a part time program and Sociology as a full time program. I am currently an auto dealer smh

with all dos paper?

I studied library archival and information science ..
Please I need link to information consulting firm

Environmental health science,   I am currently serving.

I studied Biusines Administration but now run my own business

Henri Fayol of Nairaland. I salute you sir

Please how were you able to get this job
Professional certificates,   connection etc

Study mass communication now am a site engineer

I studied SOCIAL ENGINEERING and INDUSTRIAL BIOLOGY
 
it's a lie. 
Where did you study ? Where did you do house job? Nysc? What's your location and years of experience. If you are qualified,   clinically sound and proficient,   I will get you a job.

What is Bizz admin? Are you this mad? Wouldn't it make you look saner if you had typed " Bus admin"?  Or what would it have taken you type "business" you day craze sha. Quote me amadioha will visit you this night.  

I studied Journalism but I currently look after Maintenance Planning and Engineering Compliance in a corporation,   which also makes me look after engineering inventory and ensure alignment of the business with global engineering standards.

Bro,   this is a nice course o. Be on the look out for jobs from international development agencies and NGOs.
Do a specialist course in monitoring and evaluation (M and E) and volunteer with a local organisation to boost your chances with donor agencies.
All the best

Graduate of real estate management.. Building websites for a living.
why I find this question funny I don't know. Well I will answer the question 
Growing up I'd always wanted to study international relations but ended up studying Bsc. Business Administration and then MSc. Managing Business with Information Technology at Salford University in Manchester,   Uk but now I'm in the hospitality industry working at an event and hotel management company. 
Never thought I'd venture into this line of business at all yo

Studied medicine and surgery,   now works with spectranet


he didn't ask you to notice him

ESUT,    first Deg,   Biochemistry,   BSc and now a Key Account Manager. Thanks to University of Lagos,   PGD,   Lagos Business School,   MBA and countless seminars.

Am sure you didn't finish from medical school

I STUDIED ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONICS ENGINEERING CURRENTLY IAM A FURTHER MATHEMATICS,   MATHEMATICS,   PHYSICS AND COMPUTER TEACHER

Anyway,   you do well,   you still  Manage Public Forum Administration unlike me  do banking and finance but  rear birds and plant crops
Studied,   HND automotive engineering,   BENG mechanical engineering,   MSC project management but  I work as a Well intervention Engr. Oil and gas.

life continues brother 
Life doesn't always work out as planned

Nursing science still in school though

Am a political scientist but i work as an automobile service advisor

Typical Daft rant of a frustrated male.

Stop telling cheap lies.

Where is your office located? I repair my galaxy tab

Study criminiology and security studies
I'm a criminiologist

Take a pill sure it will help.

I studied mass communication,   I just finished NYSC. 
Prior to my POP I started a POS business and it's moving well,   infact am loving it. Drop that certificate and hustle.. Nothing beat self employment

Travel abroad and earn big

Is there any hope for those who study Biochemistry in this country?

He did Herpetology (Snakeology to Aproko Nairalanders) and you can see he's doing just fine. 
 

very very very difficult to get jobs related directly to geology. only oil company work with very limited demand bt excess supply. you can see job directly asking for engineering/arts/humanities/mass com/law etc but you will hardly see jobs directly asking for geologist. I regret reading dat course

Why not.  You will definitely get.

Studied petroleum engineering,  I have a math and physics diploma too but  I sell alcohol

Studied Business Administration and Management. Working.... Nigeria Tax Authority.

Studied Adult education but here I am serving and learning barbing skill

Studied Entrepreneurial studies,   I am currently working in an investment bank

Criminology and security studies studies,   I haven't gotten a job yet, stil on street

Can you help. Connect me to the bank, please

Studied Biochemistry Presently working as a software engineer + web developer



Studied Science Laboratory Technology (Chemistry /Biochemistry)  working as a Process Engineer.

Well I studied zoology from a a a Nigeria university all to graduate and received a certificate in Biology and God helping me am presently a sales Rep in a top Telecom company

i studied French but I'm now a native doctor.

can we talk

You must be mistaken me for your mother or father
Are you so daft?

Architecture but now doing Ecommerce/digital marketing/graphics design

please I want to learn forex. are you in Abuja?

Well at least you can turn it to petrol chemical

I studied Mechanical engineering. Currently working with a position of Mechanical Engineer 1,   Level 9

Studied womanalogy,   now working as an impregnatornist in my street and neighborhood. No salary,   but I enjoyed every bit of my work.

You are into agriculture. I like poultry farming but I don't have time for it.

Studied Biochemistry and working as a scientific officer in a Fed agency n a part time music teacher as side hustle.

Food science and technology but i  work for 9MOBILE

May the Lord that did it for you never forget me,   amen.

studied geography.  and now doing a construction labour in abuja. some of my colleagues are from niger republic

Studied criminology Working as a bank cleaner 
I swear this's the fact
Education is not a scam in european contries but here in nigeria,   EDUCATION IS SCAM!!!!

Mass communication.. Former bricklayer. Now Sim registration agent.

With all this? I feel like crying.. Please don't mention this kind thing again. If your pay is Above 250,000NGN as a company secretary then you can keep mentioning it. 

My fellow criminologist how the hustle you see work so? Let's connect and help ourselves

I read Accounting HND and Finance n Banking B.Sc but ended up

Physics but teaching in a good School

Study biochemistry now working as chemical analyst in a pharmaceutical company

Of course

English Language (B. A. HONS)/International Relations and Strategic Studies (M. A.).. I am a Logistics Officer in a Cement Company

Well,   I studied economics 
Currently working as a business man and an "enforcer"( You know the kind that makes people cough up money they refuse to pay,   like debt,   rent etc) 
I am a good guy....probably

Studied computer science Working as a material management officer

We plenty oh fellow criminologist let's hook up and think of a way out before it's too late

Polymer and Processing Engineering right now, I deal on electronics generally
   
Meanwhile check out my signature and thread for beautiful offers on electronics

studied Public administration but working as an industrial machine operator

hahaha... I was a solar guy in Lagos for three years. I did a lot of solar installations in that lekki ehn...
I advice you to advance your self by learning arduino microcontroller so as to add beautiful programming dimension to that field. The local Alabama boys are taking over and spoiling market. Installation we used to do for 150k those days,   they now do it for even 40k because they are desperate.

Studied Electrical and Electronic Engineering. I am a drilling Engineer with a multinational oil company

how do I reach u,  will like to share an idea with u.

Studied Petroleum Engineering but now a data scientist.

Wood Technology Now works as an ICT Admin

I studied Biz Admin end up as driver of Uber


It's fun,   just like teaching,   requires dedication,   patience and extra endurance.
Laslas,   we go make am through hardwork and some bit of luck from the unseen forces

I studied procurement and supply but, working as an iron bender and Welder

studied education by choice and not by force and presently teaching

Trying to reap where you did not sow is sin.
The so called SSANU should know this.

Please shut up there

I saw them chanting "solidarity" songs on tv as if they care about the students or their lives and time that is wasting away, greedy men

ASUU is a corrupt union fighting to keep looting money without transparency

It is well

Time for them to share their own palliatives! 

They don't care about how long we stay at home.
Thieves everywhere.
Nigeria and unjust sharing is like 5 and 6 please.. the other day that one wanted to collect around 80million just to clear stadium 

their problem not ours


After Assu strike is over,   expect SSANU and NASU strike
And then finally,   another ASUU strike because I'm sure the government will renege on their agreements with them in a few months time because I'm so sure other government agencies will bring out their own payments platform and then they'll be forced to abandon the UTAS. 
And the Nigerian Students keep suffering 
Sighs

The government should adjust their IPPIS system to accomodate ASUU. I don't think it's obtainable for an employee to tell an employer how to pay them.

it's necessary

Y'all have a nice week... practice peace

See them.. Greedy cows. Meanwhile.. 
The students are the ones suffering this whole thing. After staying at home
An extra year added to their academic calendar
But these ASUU people will get paid in a moment
I just hope universities get equipped after these whole saga
Coz it will be quite unfortunate

Its is Earned Academic Allownce (EAA). So I wonder why SSANU members see themselves as Academic Staff. Not anymore!

Truth be told,   how can earned allowance that is the right of all staff in the university be cornered by a section of staff. Whether you are the one that attracted or not,   everyone should get his due.
Ask yourself,   if ASUU takes larger share of EA that every staff is entitled to,   just because they made more noise about it,   are they any different from the politicians they're fighting?

thieves
It's always about personal benefit for Nigerian public officers.

Thieves..

I study political science and international relation but I work in and engineering firm as an operation manager


I studied Educational Management but currently I am doing Facebook Business,   working as a Facebook content developer on Facebook where I earn money by creating content on Facebook with Facebook Adbreaks Facebook
Brands Collabs Manager and Facebook Instant Article.. Aiming to have my own website very soon!!

Read economics but working in an audit firm as a chartered accountant

After synthesizing protein for 4 yrs or whatever it is you guys did   

Sociology and i am an Alpha Jet pilot now

Study Psychology,   I am forensic analyst in a top security firm in this crime infested society.
Also ex ACCA student,   passed some courses,   got bored  please make i focus on my job

And you think is not better
crobiology and currently heading the microbiology section of a pharmaceutical company and also a quality control officer of same company.
My main income though, is from my side hustle as I co-own an agency that deals on landed properties.
My boss once told me, I would never become rich through my monthly salary,   and he was right. Guys get urselves side hustles

Stop taking our jobs!! 

That's very much in line with your discipline.

I studied law,   practiced without pay for a long while,   and now I am desperately looking for a job.

At least I can take solace in the fact that there are many of us out there that regret studying Geology....

Nice one

mathematics and statistics now a civil defense officer,   after 10 yrs even formula to find mean I no remember again.

Microbiology Now in Agriculture and Tutoring

Studied Electrical Engineering,   but now I am a software engineer

I studied Animal Production and Health,   now a teacher and fashion designer.

Sorry o. I am now working for myself. I am not working for anybody and I didn't take anybody's job.

My dear....... I'm not yet freaked out.... This biochemistry must favour me...

I studied Chemistry,   now working as Quality Control Chemist  

I studied biochemistry too,   nothing serious since 2017. Am surprised seeing a biochemist getting a job in his field. please can I pm?

study biology,   working on nairaland

Studied Zoology. Now a mobile phone technician.

I studied sociology and I work in human resources and I have a booming transportation business that pays more than 150k per week,  i also do graphic design and web developing thanks to UDEMY,  I think I made a great career choice. I also do part time counselling too(doesn't pay much but I love it)

I studied History. I am working in the financial industry

Nice

U are still growing.....
You will understand better in future.

I studied English Language/Literary studies but now jobless

you are not a working chemist.  you are a security specialist.

You are still doing biology...... Skin Biology  

Course: Computer Science
Currently a Virtual Assistant,   Online Tutor and Domainer
who are you to give us advise?

I studied Business Administration. I work in one of the banking industry

I  would like to learn from you but I don't know the state you are

any knowledge before you went to study medicine?

I currently work as a lecturer in one of the top Federal Universities in Nigeria and I also run a private consultancy firm with bias in Geotechnical Engineering.

So you are a zoogerian,   who studied zoology in a zoo.... Prepare yourself for presidency

I studied biochemistry but it seems it was a wrong course I studied. I don't  mind if you can help me something. can I pm ma?

Studied economics,   now a nurse 

You're not wrong.
We are not studying what we need to study here at all.
We are just copying western countries in theory but it's opposite in practice

Engineers are always taking accounting and other finance related jobs
I wish you the best of luck in your independent practice

Chemist: telecom hardware dealer...

Studied Political Science.
Working as a uniform personnel

nawao... Bro I'm thinking of this welding work please.. Hope e make sense well.

. 
Same here my mbaise lady,   but I ain't chartered.

Please which security firm and I need a job I have a degree in criminology and security studies

I studied Agricultural  and Environmental Engineering.........I am now a lecturer in the same field in one of Nigeria Federal Polytechnics.

I studied Marketing. Working from home  

Studied Industrial Chemistry,   and now working as a scientific Officer in a Government agency.

I studied biochemistry Teaching in a primary school

I studied industrial chemistry, worked as a chemistry teacher but now a freelancer while still looking for a job.

I studied Accounting & working as an Accountant

I study Applied Geology in my Undergrad. Industrial Engineering MSc. Now working as a Data Analyst.

I studied BA Christian Studies but would like to learn about Solar as no job seems to be coming

Am still studying mass communication and am also learning printing press.

No problems

You must be high ...

Between business admin and Accounting, Which one is the best.

I study biochemistry/chemistry technology in one of the universities in the southern region,    but now I'm a programmer,   and deal more on information technology

I am not the HR and don't think I will tell you where I work.

A graduate of General agriculture but am an engineer at CBN.

Study business administration but now am a Janitor.
Nice job... I will like to meet you if you don't mind bro,   presently I am underemployed...

Unfortunately,   am Cisco certified.. Studied CCNA during the 2012 long ASUU strike

studied Applied mathematics currently a sales executive

Happy birthday to you

I studied Information Technology worked for 4 years in Humanitarian projects with NGO and currently working at ICT department in a government institution as Program Analyst. Thank God I'm now practicing what I studied.

Mechanical Engineering. Worked for 4 years in finance. Currently in oil and gas with a small micro finance as side hustle....

sorry bro we're too many and the work is about to get done

could you please teach me

Studied Banking and Finance with ICAN.... Still  teach for secondary school. Looking for Audit firm as Audit trainee.
I just start life? you're funny

locate a firm around oshodin bolade area called trident electrical. Check the address on google for confirmation. They do good training for about 18k
If you are on the island,   then browse for gennex in lekki. They train too. If you have any question along the line,   I am willing to assist


 I'm living in the future already

I studied Industrial Chemistry today I'm a hotelier,   supply drinks,   produce chemical,   fumigate and do cleaning services.... To survive in Nigeria several job is necessary.... especially when you return trying to raise a family.

Nursing science, Working as a Nurse in one of the  federal hospitals,   part time lecturer in a school of nursing,   also own and managing a daycare facility,   I have a dream to expand in opening a private  primary school this year. 
Life is full of opportunities,   don't limit yourself to "what you studied in school "
Be versatile and think outside the box

Why can't you open a church? Thank me later 

wow thanks alot but I am in ilorin
I will still have to go to seminary school

Computer Science. Working as a Tech Support Analyst in a Tech company.

Thanks so much sir,   we will surely share our testimonies here too by God's grace.

Have plans to set up a poultry farm some time next year.
Can we talk outside NL
I heard you combined the trade with weed too. 
You are  a strong man my brother

Education is not scam
It makes you prepared for life and its opportunities. 
Where you start is not the issue,   it's how you finish. See the job as a starting point for a wonderful career. Keep pushing

This is my next line of hustle aswear,   how did you start up bro? I mean the capital and all that.

I studied human Anatomy.....now am working at a warehouse...Nigeria hustle

Bsc in anatomy,  couldn't get a job,  went back to school and had Bsc in computer science,  still no job,  went back again,  now i'm an old medical student in my 40's.

judging by this thread,   it's safe to say that those that majored on science related courses,   have a 90% better chance of getting a job than those that studied art courses. it's quite sad really

I was just explaining how the business work.please don't get me wrong ooo,  haa!!
I have never done any crime in my life!!non whatsoever!!!
You didn't study medicine. Probably one of those BMS courses like physiology,   anatomy and the likes.

Statistics... An ex-banker,   now working as a Commercial Staff in one of the Power Companies

Can you please tell me about the transport business? If I can also try my hands on it. It sound very lucrative. What is the capital like?

Thanks

I studied political science,   but now a matchmaker and a marriage counselor

We don't understand

See question..Help me ask God please

What do you do exactly?. Mind sharing?

I studied Physics with electronics Well I'm a pig farmer now!  

same story with my bro

Studied Economics.... practising ICT Networking upto 10yrs post nysc experience

I studied medicine I'm now a native doctor

you really get patience.

are you for real sir?
Though, I can also go back to school to study medicine if there is a sponsor since I haven't gotten any sensible job in my line(biochemistry)

Urban & Regional Planing,   but now a Hotelier.

I studied Microbiology,   and am a Production Supervisor/ Production Analyst in a FMCG company.

Studying medicine ..thinking of delving into finance ..

wow that's quite a journey... 
I pray your wishes are granted. It's never late to find favor and grace

I studied Estate Management and Valuation working with Ogun State Bureau of Lands and Survey Precisely as a Land Officer.

Can we chat strictly on mail? I have an important talk with you

I think it would be better you do a masters instead ..and leave nigeria or lecture ..
There are endless possibilities  to these things

I studied BSc Zoology,   then MSc Water and Environmental Management. I'm a Monitoring and Evaluation specialist on a USAID project

Bro,   I swear  God. immediately I finished my degree in 2018 I quickly enter street hustle gather money for my NYSC. I saved during NYSC camp,   no lavish spending. I got to my ppa in a rural area like that and I discovered that there's no bank nearby so I seize the opportunity,   I make inquiries about the POS stuff and I got to know how lucrative it is.
Luckily for me an ex Corper in my local government got a job with a POS company while serving but he stay put because he was required to work in the state where he served. I used the opportunity and get a POS machine from him,   got a shop and started the business last year December. Then,   I used to shuttle between my work place and my ppa. I reason with my employer about what am doing and he gave me the opportunity. I normally go to school from 8am to 11am by 12pm I japa go hustle for my shop. 
Now that NYSC is over am now a full-time business man,   a got a part time job last month as well to support my hustle and I'm doing fine. 
Also,   I'm nursing my Msc degree ambition abroad,   have already secured the scholarship,   just waiting for corona to vanish so that I can enter embassy collect my visa .

Are you serious. 

bro are you angry. leave that guy.

Yeah,  but it was entirely by accident,   didn't really plan it. 
and it turned out to be the best decision I ever made.
God has truly been good to me,   I return all glory to him.
I keep telling everyone/anyone that cares to listen,   "God over all else".
All these and I ain't even 35 yet.

I studied agriculture both at degree and masters level. Due to work stress I had to abandon my PhD due to work demand. Currently working with my certificates and experience of 6 years. I work as a field agriculturalist with  many years on the field (profit based companies as well as NGOs). 
My job from graduation has been on the field and Alhamdulillah. 
For those agriculturists wanting to be like me ,   don't depend on your class of graduation (Crammers won't like this ) your field experience is far more important. Though I graduated with a strong second class upper (second best student in my set). 
Please potential agriculturists the current goldmine in Nigeria is agriculture,    that is if you know what you are doing.

Jesus!!

There is nothing like career  in Nigeria. It is all about survival.

Despite finishing with good grades,    I'm currently jobless.  I'm beginning to consider going for  PhD though..  It's not easy getting into the oil and gas sector without connect.

BSc,   msc pharmaceutical biochemistry,    currently co-own and manage a pharmacy store franchise.

Petroleum and gas engineering and still searching for job......please I can do anything,   I just need a job so as to help mum and family and I am also open to traveling if the job condition calls for that


 it is pathetic. I wasn't aware what lies ahead maybe because I lack mentorship

as serious can be. No wife,  no kid,  because i want to make sure no one suffers with me.

I studied Medicine and Surgery, I work as a medical doctor

Banking and Finance but working as an Accountant

Smart man!
I love opportunists.Believe me many of your counterparts would have neglected this same business and be chasing pipe dreams.
I saw one lady tell you that "you are still growing" and I just laugh 
Like what the fuck.
1)you are in a rural area meaning you might have so little competition and a huge customer base.
2)your pos charge might be higher.
I see you possible making 10k a day in profit or more....
One monkey say you are still growing 
 
Of course you will grow to expand that same business in other limited markets and cash out .
You might probably build your brand while she is still earning their usual.
 
Goodluck to you mate,  
you can't know everything.

I studied Engineering Physics. I'm now a General Manager in Oil and Gas firm.

Mad oh

I studied microbiology as well but still yet to get a job. I don't know if you could be of help. I will appreciate.

Just learning...

Unfortunately I don't have such leverage my dear.

Amen

I studied economics at the  university of ibadan but now working as a nurse with the national health service (NHS ) in England

please can educational manager work in a firm?

don't even call jesus,  because he didn't help me all those years i was serving and calling him.

I study microbiology as well sir. I will be glad if you can connect me.

I studied B.agric Agricultural Economics, msc Agricultural marketing, Today am working as a marketing unit coordinator in a multinational company in Lagos ,  also I have a pig farm with 96 pigs in it, and a snail farm with up to 324 snails, started it when I was in year two, I Am currently working on creating a social media to connect Agrobusiness entrepreneurs in Nigeria. 
Thanks

Management But now a medical technologist

Archeology.... guess what I am practicing

wanted to be a Lecturer,  first degree Biochemistry, second degree Biochemical Toxicology but currently working as Quality Control Officer in a Food Industry.

becoming a pilot is lucrative but becoming one is expensive, but they make money in no time. A friend of mine spent close to 15 million naira becoming a pilot but heard They pay as much as 300 dollars per flight hour

I studied Philosophy and currently a admin personnel in a federal university

Studied medical laboratory science and i'm working in a medical laboratory.

Yes, I think masters will do but the issue is finances. How do I save from 15k in a month in lagos? Bulk of the money go for feeding. My only hope now is scholarship,   I applied to two schools in Saudi buh no response yet and am not sure how long the wait will be.

medical doctor ends up becoming a caterer. 
They may just be doing caterer as a side work but not as a career

gives you added advantage when communicating with the gods

Why did she mention CR name first. Shows who is regarded

In my field, Water Sanitation and Hygiene, geologists are in high demand. All you need is a little experience and you can quickly build on it

is the plane his father's? 
Who ever told you this is either crazy or a big liar.

How can you link me up. I studied Transport Management too

please which institution did you run your masters sir and how lucrative is pharmaceutical biochemistry? Also, how much did it cost you to run your masters?

Hello Sir, I'm also a Microbiologist too. 2.1. I'm done with NYSC and I want to practice. I did my IT in a the quality control department on drugs and I really love it. I'll be really grateful if you could link me up. Thanks.

I studied statistics, worked as a banker in Nigeria, now a hustler outside Nigeria. I work for myself now.

Village people have just read this and are now holding an emergency meeting to address your declarations.

Thanks bro, I decided not to go deep explaning things to her. I actually put this off because of a guy that asked for insight about the business. 
Initially, I never thought I would go into business after school, I always see myself working with a corporate organization but my world view changed during NYSC, hence i start something. 
Seriously you're not far from the truth, some of my colleagues that we did POP together last two weeks have started complaining about unemployment snowballed into depression this and that, ain't trying to make a jest though. 
I won't lie to you bro, where am doing the business I make roughly 5k per day, if sales plenty i make more than that,   I'm even contemplating on opening another shop now.

I reside in lagos, I will appreciate if you can help me with something sir.
can I send a message sir.

Classics

Cobbler

You mould flower pots gardening?

Studied Biochemistry but an admin officer at a tech company. Also setting up a start up.

I was the one that asked you bro. I have located site already but  who to manage it is my problem because the site  a different state from where i reside,   and I can't do it myself since I have a job and another side hustle I am into already.

We die here. 
Studied banking and finance too and am currently working in the bank!!!! 
Last last  being entrepreneur  i'm sure pass...if you can scale!!!

try and look for someone that will stay in the shop preferably someone that just finished secondary school, train him/her for some weeks.

Please what scholarship is that

I studied Geology,  did business and now doing my masters

Depends on a lot of things, mine is like 3-3.5m
If you have 1m you  can be making 60k comfortably weekly,   but like I said it depends on a lot of things,  you can visit specialists for guidance,   that's all I can share.

Thanks for your time mate. More wins I wish us all

Was once with an old generation bank for 5 good years before I left them because I wanna control my destiny. Now me boss myself, no more market storm and those stuffs.

Be that specialist and show him how to go about it, if he is ready. Don't be stingy, he only begs for an idea not your money

Which way Nigeria?

Studied Civil Engineering; though I graduated last year and waiting for call up letter; but I'm into Computer sales and repairs,   nd I'm also into Aluminium works; widely known as Alumaco. Thanks

studied Accounting, but teaching now, collecting 15k..

need better job

My beloved course mate 

way to go bro.
You see,  you make good money.
I also support and encourage you getting another shop.
Keep opening them and especially in remote or interior areas,  since cities are littered with them.
That's where the money is...
Leave them make them  talk anyhow.
Goodluck bro,  I support a 100%

people ain't always ready to offer assistance or advice, most especially when they sense you are trying to delve in what they are doing.
how a typical Nigerian thinks eh

Hey don't judge me aiit, it is what it is okay, I've tried my best, don't be telling me what to do.

Bro, I am creative and I write well too. Please, can I send you a mail so that you can put me through, with respect to content creation?

Studied Microbiology... Now an Entrepreneur into sale of fashion accessories.

I study accounting and am working as an affilate manager in a betting company

My brother that is life i studied theatre arts but now am working in an automobile company as an ERRAND BOY and also assisting the Manager at the same time

Enlighten me more bro I'm into your field

Help me oo.. I did biochemistry.. Wil b willing to return to Nigeria if I can get a job

always give those bogus motivational quotes. I made it from nothing,   hence,   you can as well make it bla bla bla. Someone put you through,   but to put another man through has become problem

I studied biochemistry,   I'm currently working as a health officer with an INGO.... 
Trying to build my work experience, I aim to create my own health startup  (i am in love with social enterprise).

No wonder ooooo!

Studied History/international studies.. Joined the struggle in the Niger Delta militantly, made enough to last me two life time.. All thanks to Education.

Studied biochemistry, now into buying and selling

Studied mechanical engineer but an auto dealer today.

I studied botany/ Horticulture and I'm a landscape horticulturist  by profession ..
Planting flowers is what I do for a living ...

Studied Economics and Teaching same in one of the colleges of education

Which institution?
Are you considering going for masters?

I thought law was sure job
please when did you graduate

Mechanical Engineering,   just graduated into Air-conditioning installation repairs and maintenance.

I laff scarra...Nigeria my country, I studied industrial microbiology but I'm now into IT

Stop hiding guys...
Alot of us did engineering but we are working with Npower

do you actually like snakes ?
and how do I make use of nairaland emojis

Studied psychology Now a traveling agent

thats my country! I study Geo/sos but now a security guard.

Linguistics..... Education consultant presently

Fool, if its a multinational or a company on the stock exchange its a big kill

Studied business admin .. Now a philosopher 

how many were you in the class back then? And how many did you stay per laboratory table during practicals?  

If it's for buhari for not closing border and stoping international flights on time I at your back 

History and international studies!!! I am into Catering

I regret.

Studied the same course as u,  but now I sell foodstuffs nd provisions.

Hmm you sure didnt school down South,   you barely see such numbers down here. MCB and biochemistry  always carry squad nah,   from 150 and above which comprises students with failed medsurg,   pharmacy,   nursing,   optometry etc aspirations and those who chose it for the sake of it,   
I studied social work, working as a cliet service Executive

I studied Political Science.....now a graphic designer and I run an online fashion store....

studied law, full time forex trader.

I studied Mathematics and I'm teaching maths and further maths in a secondary school.
This is not my dream job,   I'm still seeking for a good job though.

we plenty

I did...South East tho(Futo) it's a science school but no medsurg,   pharmacy,   nursing Available because it's a technical school. Maybe that's why the number was lower...

I studied Public Administration and I'm currently working as CBT attendant.......irony of life.

Sir please where were you trained for the skill?
Really wanna learn the skill after my program. please help me with info Thanks

I salute ooi...please any vacancy for microbiologist...I'm available 
 
Studied mechanical and Industrial production Engineering. Currently a maintenance technician in an FCMG.

Worked with pharmaceutical company. 

currently no job. But one will come or i create one.

I studied law in University of Ibadan,   now I am a lawyer pontificating in court   

I studied Hausa language, but I end up teaching Computer studies at a primary school.

how we go report our own,   well I did study chemical engineering,   agricultural engineering,   but am currently filling surveys online to earn a living 

Logo,   from the look of things and what have observed on nairaland,   i realized a lot of graduates are just zombies or more or less like robots who can think outside the box.
That is a big draw back of education and school because it turns people to lazy robots with wide mouth and expectations.
All through school,   what most of them do is fucking,   fucking and more fucking up to nysc stage.
Nothing upstairs,   they are not even dynamic to adapt to situations and evolve,   flow into business.
I think schools need to be closed down Asap because it's producing more and more zombies.
They all just want to graduate,   get good jobs inside AC and pressing computers,   stealing and manipulating figures,   driving clean and sweet cars they got on mortgages and constantly scared of loosing their jobs.
I studied accounting,   I work as an accountant

Am also an elevator technician/Engineer..  please text me on whatsapp lets relate

Studied Biology Education now a Journalist.

I love my job and can't trade it with any amount of money in the world.

I feel your pain bro, same here

please put the name out here and probably how you went about it to help others please.. 
Thanks so much, you  real hustler bro. Thumbs up

Computer Science Education...Currently practicing

I study Quantity surveying am currently working as a Quantity  Surveyor with a federal agency

Your use of English is bad. Sorry to say

I studied Botany. Currently teaching Mathematics in a Primary School.  
 

Studied computer science but working as accountant as it stands I nicknamed myself Technical accountant
I know one day I will practice what I studied Nigerian factor is really killing alot of talents.

I studied English, but now work as a Product Specialist with a Fintech.

I studied Educational Technology.I am a teacher

Currently studying MCB in one of the northern Universities,   with what I am seeing in this thread...... Just scared for my future 

Studied economics. Now I'm a transcriptionist

I studied BSc Biology Education.
I am a Yahoo boy as well as a full time gambler.
Corona is making life difficult for me as hell.

I studied library and Information science.. but during my 300 level upwards i started freelancing on fiverr till date (thanks to niaraland) after service i got a job in a Ecommerce firm as full stack web developer ,   3 months later i got another job with an higher institution as a backend developer with better pay.
Guys..The truth about the matter here is not just about the course but what skills did you acquire?...and are you certified no course is useless once you're able to prove yourself and its worth because opportuinity will defintely knock at the door ..

Studied Mechanical engineering... Manager  of a manufacturing company.

I hail you my banker bro.

can I be your friend?  

Petroleum engineer turned banker turning into IT specialist.

I studied computer science, currently working as an Uber/taxify driver with my own  also doing forex
studies Crop Production in University of Agriculture,   Makurdi. Now selling SUYA. aka. dead meat. 

NO problem you can Reach me on WhatsApp 

NO Problem Bro!!

Studied Civil Engineering And currently working as a Civil Engineer in a construction firm

Guy I need your services whatsapp

Law, aircraft fueler

studied business administration,  but now an engineer (industrial refrigeration).

We've heard this before. Say something else

Shows your shallowness.
It is called earned allowances and each of the unions in the university is entitled to it. Each has a 2009 agreement with federal governmentconcerning it

From the beginning,   we know it's all about money.

government has been negotiating separately with the different unions,   so why lump this together. Suddenly earned academic allowance has lost the word academic and changed to earned allowance.

Many ASUU members do not know the level of fraud perpetrated by VCs through GIFMIS. This does not however mean ASUU members or the union itself are corrupt.
Members are more concerned about their welfare than fighting corruption. Government should hold those responsible to account so that Innocent people will not be labeled corrupt like you just did.

They've given them money trouble on how to share money among the empty lecturers have started.
If you have money send your children abroad...the university system is designed to waste our children time

Now,   sharing money is the problem.

We won't want another round of strikes if this one is finally called off.

it is called EAA. Earned Academic Allowances. SSANU/NASU members are not academics staff...these allowances are for excess academic workload,   and other academic duties by academics staffs...so what is SSANU actually saying. They should give them academic allowances when they are non- teaching staff

Do you think it's ASUU that's operating GIFMIS?

Lies
what they know is share the money,   where have SSANU been all this while,   they don't care shutting down the schools that have been on one year strike again.Bunch of criminals.

It is not about an employee dictating to his employer; it is about the laws establishing federal universities.
The universities miscellaneous act has placed the control of personnel and payroll issues of each federal university under the respective governing council.
The accountant general of the federation has no legal power to take over management of personnel and payroll of any federal university because of that provision of the law. 
What ASUU did over the years was to remove federal universities from the control of mainstream civil service. So,   federal universities are administratively independent of the mainstream civil service.
An example is the appointment of VC of a federal university. The NUC,   FMoE,   The Senate,   and The Presidency have no role whatsoever in appointing a VC of any federal university; everything begins and ends with the governing council of the university.

To government it is 'earned allowance',   to ASUU it is 'earned academic allowance'.

It's earned academic allowances not for non-academic staff.

So many uninformed persons out there. 
This isn't about That's all they wanted from the beginning. Lecturers are badly paid! Just google and see the minuscule and paltry amount they earn. After Bsc(4 years),   MSc (2 years),   PhD (5-6 years on average),   they won't still earn 150k as salaries. 
Annual increment on most cases can be as low as 21k annually divided by 12,   sometimes your salary increases by 4K annually. 
Most of their activities which warrants a payment of allowances aren't paid hence Earned Academic Allowances which is due. 
Still,   with this small billion for over 90 institutions,   it is still paltry. 
When ASUU was on strike,   some other unions were paid salaries and the public hurled abusive and derogatory remarks on them. Now they are reading their head out to share equally. 
Please Revitalization Fund isn't going to ASUU' pocket at all. So the public should know what's happening. 
They are scrambling for peanut compared to their counterparts. It is even shameful 
Those retained to lecture blamed themselves. Most have travelled or about to travel abroad

The University based unions are all entitled to the Earned Allowances. I doubt if there's anything Earned 'Academic' Allowance as far as the FGN 2009 Agreement is concerned with all the unions that signed the document. 
Other non teaching staff unions had conducted their negotiations with government after their 14 day warning strike before the covid 19 episode took over. They decided to reason with the government and had been engaging on several occasions before now. It is not as if ASUU had been slugging out alone. Theirs is just too pronounce because of downing the tools however the federal governmentthrough the Minister of Labour has categorically emphasized the fund is for all the university based unions to share. 
There are occasions that SSANU,   NASU,   and NAAT have fought the government in the past and it benefited everyone in the system. So all of them have been negotiating with government  using different approaches.

You have some points there. But the money is 'earned'. They should present evidence that they have earned it rather come to the media to seek for public sympathy.
One of the major component of earned allowance is 'excess workload allowance'. Everything concerning teaching in federal universities is governed by NUC regulations. An academic staff is expected to have a certain contact hour per week. A class is expected to have a certain number of students depending on the programme. An academic staff is also expected to mark a certain number of scripts per semester. We all know these regulations are not strictly adhered to by our universities. So,   an academic staff will naturally accumulate these allowances over a period of time.
For non-teaching staff,   they are like mainstream civil service expect for academic technologists. They are employed to work 8am to 4pm. Most of the NUC regulations does not apply to them. And remember for every 3 academic staff there should be 1 non-teaching staff. I am sure you and I know that this is not what is obtainable in our universities. 
Based on above factors their earned allowances will generally be low compared to academic staff because of the parameters used in computing the allowances.
The 20% being given to them is generous. They should provide empirical evidence with necessary data if they feel they are cheated not mare media propaganda.

You are right it is 'earned allowance'. So let them go and prove that they have 'earned' it rather than come to the media. It is not the public that shares the money.

Be like all this ones  craze,   when ASUU go 9months strike and ppl were abusing them of being selfish,   being cowards they did not fight. Now ASUU have managed to secure some funds they are coming out talking about sharing formula,   they better start their own strike to fight for their rights. Crazy cowards,   when they said nobody should join ippis they went ahead now they want to enjoy from what others fought for.

Each union negotiated earned allowance with FGN. That of ASUU members has 'academic' added to it.
While other unions negotiate earned allowance for their members ONLY,   all other unions gets something whenever ASUU negotiates earned allowance with government.
They deserve something but certainly not above the traditional 20% being given to them.
If they have reservations they should prove that they deserve more than that.
In my center none of them has outstanding earned allowance claim with the exception of senior academic technologists.

No. The general name is EARNED ALLOWANCE. That of ASUU members is EARNED ACADEMIC ALLOWANCE.
The 40bn offered by FGN is made up of computation for ALL unions in the universities based on 2018 forensic audit report.
So the issue is not about whether or not they should be given,   they are contesting the percentage allocated to them.
They should provide evidence that they earned more.

The agreements are separate. What ASUU negotiated is earned academic allowance.
No one is saying other unions will not benefit from the 40bn. But SSANU is contesting the 20% that is traditionally allocated to non-teaching staff.
This is not how to approach the issue. The allowance is 'earned' and SSANU should therefore present empirical evidence if they believed they deserved more than 20%.

school calendar should be there first priority but no  are talking about how to share the 40 billions.
chai....... this country is in mess state. 

My dear it won't o... deep down this ASUU guys are just after there own selfish interest. Rehabilitating the university is never there priority...

Wonderful. Truly,   we're all corrupt in this country. 
Anyways,   no need fighting online. The real fight comes soon

I wonder o. Where was this useless SSANU when ASUU was fighting against IPPIS and for the earned allowances? Do they teach students? Do they supervise B.Sc.,   M.Sc. and PhD students? They have enjoyed their IPPIS salaries till date while ASUU members are being owed from 5-9 months of salaries.

Don't mind them..
They always suffering from inferiority complex

Lie!!!
It is called EARNED ACADEMIC ALLOWANCE from the onset,   and if the non-academics also feel entitled,   they can also call it EARNED NON-ACADEMIC ALLOWANCE. I think that appellation even sounds better as it will tell them how unjust their fight is. Their job is purely administrative and not different from the civil service,   but that's not the case for academics who teach and supervise students,   examine students and still conduct research.

What would you be remembered for?
We were younger then... we saw old people die... Now we are older,   we are often misled with the wrong notion that all we need to survive is to get more money. The rich die just as the poor die. 
Know that one day,   the result of the actions we have taken will follow us. 
Remember that one day you will be next person to live this world. At that point you would not even think you would be the next on the line.
It would come and you are gone.
You will be only remembered by the works you have done while you lived.[b][/b]

Banking and Finance,   I am a banker now with one of the people's choice bank.

I studied Microbiology, worked as a Bouncer and now a Store Officer with Dangote.

BSc Microbiology, MSc Public Health But I am working in a bank.  
 

Why not crypto?

Come and teach me how to read price chart..

I studied microbiology,   and I'm working as a technologist (microbiology dept) in one of the federal universities now.

Studied Estate management now a farmer.(poultry)

I studied Animal Production and Health, I'm now working with INEC.

Studied Estate management now a farmer.please how can I get started on this Pos business?

Bros can we relate?

seconded resign as a banker after 8yrs now a farmer it pays and enjoying my freedom.

Nigeria hmmmmmm I told my daughter dat law thing is a No No make she no look for job till her shoes enter alignment.now in nursing school.

The description of your job at mtn please.

Hope this is not in Nigeria because there is no private firm that does that in Nigeria. Can we connect?

So which among do you fall?

I said what do you do at the moment, not for career. Cheers. 

My brother how do you know?
Mehn its crazy o,   no time for nothing else,   no life,   just work work and more work ...

 Makes sense. Nothing sure for Nigeria. . 

I just love the image you posted up there! This is what happens to a society that places priority on less important things. The whole world must learn a lesson for their stupidity. Science and Engineering are lifelines to the survival of any nation. You made my day with that image. Permit me to copy it...

Nigeria bend person face.
Nigeria convert who fine to ugly.
I read Chemical Engineering! But I be writer/publisher 

Drone pilot?  

Then, they were begging people to join them. That was in 2013. I reluctantly did since I was already working in the company where they got a big contract. I switched from the Crane rigging job I was doing to join them since I needed some real upgrade and experience. It took me quite some time plus some steady bruises owing to my carelessness.

Please put me through in this business


It will if you believe. Just keep writing on the current trends relating to biochemistry on your social media handles. Someone will notice your passion and change your life forever.

Babe, hope it's not Nigeria?

I don't think school is a scam after all. . . See why below!
I studied Biology and currently I am the commercial manager of Sekiel Entreprise where we help people get and sell Automobiles(cars),   we also help people get a conducive and budget-fitted apartment and help secure admission for students (Under/post graduates) into University of Ternopil in Ukraine with just WAEC result and international passport(we are in partnership with a foreign body known as ITC consult aka impacting the city) . Funny enough cost of studying and living is better compared to studying one useless course in Private universities in Nigeria with no prestige. Sweet one is that the courses in Ternopil university are accredited in Nigeria. How do I mean? After completion of courses over there you can choose to come to Nigeria to Serve. 
The last thing I do I that I'm a freelance sales manager of Feetytalk (an online sneakers store own by Sekiel enterprise),   at Feetytalk we sell sneakers of the price range
I got wildly exposed to opportunities to make money while in school through my involvement in  the empowerment programs that held within my school (Unilag) and outside Unilag which I got to know through some folks  and fams from Unilag. I was into little general trading in my year 2 (200 level)  and I was proffic enough in my doings to first attract Sekiel Enterprise ,   truth be told I was caught young ... I never wrote a cv .

Do you know me?

I studied Marketing and I am working as an airport firefighter

Hi Bro. Can we connect via whatsapp. Im interested in this. 

Nigeria sucks...just check out as Andrew did years back.

Still in line. Hope you're doing well 

I studied public admin,   but guess what i am now a scrap dealer . anyway the lord has been faithful

Yes by his grace.

That's beautiful. Keep it up,   ma'am. Happy Sunday 

Like how much do I need to start up and how do I go about it please

There are thousands of Andrews outside mana. Which one do you mean? 

If actually the require common sense,   why then do we have to spend so much time,   money and energy studying them?

the decision makers of the world decided that 

what of any other hse exam must it be nebosh?

You're going to get a chamber to practice in,   definitely. But getting a chambers that pays is very difficult. 
I graduated in 2013.

B.Sc. Television Journalism and MA. Radio and TV Broadcasting.  I am a Cinematographer  to one South South Governor

I studied political science and working as a store keeper

Electrical/Electronics now a proud Fashion designer

how much?

Studied Library and Information Science and now working with a Construction/Investment Company called Chinmark Group. I manage one of the branches while doubling as an Investment Manager. Loving every bit of it.

Hello Chief. Please is there any opportunity at your org for a fresh microbiology graduate to work? Thanks as I await your response. Cheers man.

Stay wherever you are and sort yourself out there. Nigeria ain't worth it

How?

I studied Agronomy.... I'm into business...
Read Economics, work with FRSC

Quite optimistic right now..... something positive from microbiology

Really wish I could help u. Just be on LinkedIn and network. Something might pop up. Try to learn other skills too

Is it related to Nairalanding...hehehehehehehe...was expecting to hear i studied computer science,   by the way lala what of that your child e big finish now

o boy help am if you want to and stop making flimsy excuses, i am in the same field and i know the type of lies that exist there.

don't learn forex,  please stay away from forex.
is just like beting,  infact betin beta pass forex oooo
A word is a enough for a wise.

I studied animal science. Now a farm supervisor

Agronomy and I am working as an Agronomist

after everything you guys did with Chinyere the Atheist,   Stanley and co,   after every problem  person pass through and after every exam in inside new exam hall,   after all the struggles in the over crowded lecture east,   after feeding those smelly albino rats,   the embarrassing moments with Onyeagba,   Akpanta,   Sola and co in year two via borrowed courses?

Please am interested In uber but I need guidance too, i am planning on relocating to lagos by next week, can you give me more insight please?
This north dry like bone.

I studied islamic engineering and now working in CBN
  
I'm a graduate of Biochemistry with Second Class Honours (Upper Division). I also have experience in a Quality Control and Assurance Analysis from a pharmaceutical production company. Please,   I'm currently searching for jobs. I will be glad if you can connect me to your organization

It's well

it's a lie.

It's a lie 
Even if I'll believe all others, i can never believe yours  

i studied mechanical ESUT . My work is planning and project control engineer piping in qatar.

Why not go for your Masters to specialize. With that,   you can try Australia or Canada migration.

if its federalgovernment job I'm interested . please no private job

Before you start,   consider location first preferably rural areas. you can start with 150k or 100k. with determination and seriousness,   the turn over will be mad in the next three months.

Where do you work..?

it's a lie,   doing what exactly with spectranet

Thanks dear......

Good morning,   you mean you wants to start POS in Paris 

Civil  Engineering working as a civil engineer, And a fashion designer.

what the fuck did I just read unless you did some professional courses .. It's not well with Nigeria

can i be your next of kin?
I would love to enquire something about your course of study.

studied public administration,  but now a phone technician nd also a 3D wall paper and 3D wall panel installer

Criminology and security studies,   now a Captain in the Nigeria Army

I'm a geologist and current doing event jobs and other stuff just to keep the spirit high..... 

I studied Animal Science and work with a farm

When you say "working in a police station"... what do you mean please? 

I can sense happiness and satisfaction in your comment, I wish you the best in your career.

Lalasticlala,   you're loved,   bro. 

An Estate Surveyor turned Financial Expert!
Anyways,   my discipline is referred to as "Jack of all trades" Hence,   we can fit into any work and profession 
 

Human Anatomy but now making easy and cool cash as prostitute

Hello Sir, I'm also a graduate of biochemistry and I also have knowledge of web design. I know HTML and CSS. I want to upgrade to web development and cyber security. Please can you give advice on which languages to learn and how I can go ahead and where I can learn them

I studied civil engineering, now i want to study micro-biology and i want to practise how to make make money without working

Bro,  morning! I Am into facility management too, any available space at your side to apply? 
Kindly help a soul 
Thanks.

so no one studied philosophy here

I studied computer science but working as a health record officer in a fed hospital

Some ladies are already stylishly looking for a guy to hook up with 

Thank you  bro,   in case you next time  there is a work please let me know  I will also be in Abuja very soon once we resume back to school and finish the exam I will return back to Abuja so I can work for my school fees and house rent bill.  Here is my number : 08172010068. please sir put me in your mind

For real?

I studied Civil engineering and now a Software engineer

please what's step did you take for the transition

Early Childhood Education B.Ed.... Right now I sew adult clothes and sell cars  

Help your boy. I studied agric engineering.

Studied Applied Physics Working with MTN as a Telecoms Engr. 

because they're foolish set of people

How do I get PoS machine?

Public administration.... Working in a banking sector

I studied Medical laboratory science now works in State specialist hospital

Studied something solar just started we dev career via udemy. Does it pay here in Nigeria?

Same course of study still no valid job. Just hustling.
Any pointers sir ?

I studied Chemical engineering now a chemistry teacher

Yh. We've had a chat before, nevermind, nothing came out of it.

studied Agricultural and environmental engineering working in a gas company as operations manager.

oga, company secretary does not mean MD's secretary.
Company secretary is like an SGF to Nigeria,   SSG to state government,   registrar to Polytechnic and universities........u get the drift??

As a police or what?

Do you see medical courses as something better anyone can option in?

Business administration,   that one  Field of study sef

political science now a contact center agent /sales agent

I studied Mechanical engineering and I working as a cashier in a Bank

Medical related course seems to be the only respected course in Nigeria.
Am talking of doctors,   nurse and public health and pharmacy.
Write from nysc you will start to see the differences.
Talking from my experience though

I study Estate management and valuation and I am working as Estate surveyour in a firm.

At all at all  it's worse.

Nice, I may just go this path,  I have an electrical engineering degree now,   no job,   thinking of going to an aviation school soon, money  hold me back.

I study criminology and security studies am working as a marketer

My brother it's a very good business/job to do if you if you are focus and committed.. try and get a car your license and you good for it

wish you the best

Gracias

Bros. You like book o

This thread should be made to inspire able men please. We all know the only requirement for ladies is nice shape n good English

Can we connect please? I will be graduating this year and I'm currently a final year student of biochemistry.

Better I study fishery and zoology than petrochemical . My friends suffer. The course is very static

I studied Mechanical engineering,   HND(building services,   refrigeration and Air Conditioning),   also   B. eng (mech. eng.)
I thank God im good,   working with multinational Company as a mechanical technician . im thinking of what to start on my own,   i can't be holding spanner at old age. mechanized cocoa farm in my mind.

Honorouble Banker.. I am in my finals.. will like to join you

Chemical Engineering, working as a well tester consultant in Saudi Arabia.

I study Social works and Com. Dev (Bsc) (Msc). Got a job as Community Liaison Officer in an oil and Gas company. I worked in that capacity for 1month,   afterwards transferred to account dept and I have been working as the company's Stock Accountant for some years now. 

Studied Animal Production and now working as NYSC Servant... Serving the Fatherland 

please remove the good English not all of them has it.

Yes oh, quack nurse but I bet if you see me physically, you won't come close to me because you'll be intimidated. Online bully, you only have power when you're on your keyboards.
Just so you know, I am a nurse practitioner with the US Army. 
It will be of immense help to you if you do away with the mindset that everyone on nairaland is a riff-raff like you.

A mining engineer & an MBA holder jobless at the moment

Studied public admin. Work as a spray foam specialist.
Made in Nigeria.

Leave the boy. When he becomes a father and husband with countless responsibilities he would understand that he needed to look beyond his nose
I appreciate...

And you are engaged by seun as public administrator.

Try if you can get a lecturing job.

im doing well.
Divay,   happy Sunday. 

How you know is a lie? do you want me to to upload my cert. here? 

I studied Plant Pathology but now working as a Traffic Officer (Lastma).

Are you working in a hospital by any chance?

Studied biochemistry working at security door and hardware company.

I studied accounting.....working as an auditor (hospitality industry)

thought you read animal and snake science

of course, we can.

I studied Economics......Now a phone/laptop technician apprentice..
I will be through with the training this month, but no capital to set up yet.....
We will be  alright last last

Bro please can i work with u,  i do cinematographic/ photographic work as a side hustle, i am into full-time

Happy Sunday Sir/ Madam. Thanks

Studied Accounting working as a inventory officer and supermarket Manager

sir, did you study these  before you traveled out ?

please could you do me the honor? link a brother up please. internships,   trainee,   apprenticeship etc please help me.

Keep quiet
When reality hits, you stop thinking fuckery.

so painful

studied Business Administration now have been forcefully converted to ICT support officer

Good day people. What professional course would you recommend to someone who wants to increase chances of employment?
you want me to expose where I work on a public forum full of strangers 

I have no degree  I'm working as a freelance software developer 

Boss help your boy
Thank you

Are you in lagos? 
I heard uber workers are paid weekly,   how true is that?
please can I have your whatsapp number so we can relate better?

OH he even has no home training...

It's awesome

I studied Agric Engineering but working as a Database Administrator

Bsc - Physics Electronics 
Msc- Energy Management. 
Currently working as Cloud solution Architect.
.....Certification is very important also

Switch to Infotech.. PhD ke,   you wanna lecture ni? I think PhD will do the magic for you? 

B.ENG. Chemical Engineering currently doing my M.Eng. in Chemical Engineering... Currently into renewable energy research (Bio-Diesel and how it's by products glycerine can be further used in the cosmetic industry) am still looking for an opportunity in the renewable energy industry and part time lecturing. Thinking of doing my PhD once am done with my Masters.

Studied industrial chemistry but work in the bank, I have never practice my field.

Perhaps you give up way too easily. It's not just about the course but you gotta b good,   know your onion. All dem BSc are wash,   you'd have faired better if you took proffesional exams and certs. Medical student at 40,  how old will you b while practicing? you sure say age no go make you forget scissor for person belle so?

Yeah

I studied Maritime Management Technology in FUTO,   I work for a Maritime company at Apapa Port...

How's the cloud thing coming? I'm learning AWS currently.

Cloud is the hottest commodity right now......... the pay is huge, and certifications is the way, I have 9 and still counting.
You have made the right choice with AWS.

working on that

I studied Geology but currently a classroom Mathematics teacher combined with real estate agent.

Studied public Admin and still searching for a good job

Studied public admin but now works as the country manager for FlashScore in Nigeria

Please sir, can I text you? I studied Hospitality and Tourism Management

Studied Electrical Engineering now working in a Federal Government Agency.

Fully paid scholarship? Congratulations man. How do you get opportunities like this? And which country?

I studied Economics and currently working as an Accountant and Auditor

I studied Accounting in Unilag. I work as an Investor Relations Analyst. Temporarily sha.

I studied Remote Sensing and GIS, B.tech,  actively searching for a job tho
Currently a freelance spatial analyst and content writer for some blogs

the question is not clear Sir!!

What state are you from bro? Or where are you residing? They'll almost definitely have a Rural Water Supply and Sanitation Agency. That's a great start. It's a state agency but they do some good work since they work with international donors. After some months of experience there you can work with NGOs and bigger projects

my dear oo. Prof akubugwo's problem. Going to unn to buy albino rats,   feeding them and so much more... It is well ooo

I studied mechanical engineering. Presently working with Dangote group of companies.

I studied Geology but today, I'm a Secretary in an auto industry.

lagos people be feeling like if they relocate they would die ....there are more jobs..
Why are you afriad of going out of your comfort zone

I also know a chemist who works as a security officer. If you work for a hospital you might be the one.  

I studied chemical engineering and working as a process control officer in a food producing company

And you're the wise one??

Studied Psychology and Clincal Psychology. Working as a Psychologist in NGO.

Studied law too, now trying to learn barbing. Not going to law school yet.

Studied Geology, Currently an Offshore Crane Operator...

I studied Medicine, working as PA to a secondary school drop out who is a politician.

I also read electrical/ electronic engineering. please how can I get myself to abroad.

me too, I studied business admin but I ride tricycle. God help us!

Smiles... Can i send a text at least. 
I am a software engineer too.

Thanks bro
I will chat you as soon as am out from church

I also did Industrial Chemistry.. I like the role..Can I  send a text?

yes i say so,   because,   they argue unreasonably,   arguing about irrelevant things.

Currently studying pharmacy 
I hope I get to practice with It  

Studied History and international relations but now a store keeper in a restaurant..  I do wake up and cry everyday.

I need a job, studied Accounting , if anyone can help me,   please do oooooo

I need a job badly ooooooo

Okay, anytime there is space here or massive recruitment,   I'll send you a direct message. Gracias.

no wonder y'all misbehave !!!! thieves !!!!

Am also intrested in data science. Am currently studying Statistics/Computer science. Can you please brief me a little about data science?

Bro, fear God na. Why you con use Photoshop exchange innocent Reverend sister fayrous for beer like this. 

Guy, I have interest on the delivery work as well. Guide me...Thanks

You can self teach yourself or go to any of the information tech training institutes in the country(which is better as you will have a coding tutor to help put you through some loopholes -no pun intended )  . The language of choice depends on what aspect of IT you want to go into .. If you're interested in mobile dev ,   I'll advice you  learn Kotlin or Java ,   Data analysis/science - Python ,   Web dev - Php,   Visual basic,    Software development - Java ,   game dev - C#/C ..... Java cuts across lots of platform though and it has lots of libraries . Lots of corporations use Java for their back-end functionality too so you'll be readily needed .

I studied political science currently working as the president of Nigeria 
Las Las  yahoo nai man  do

Can you brief me a little about your Data Analyst work?  Am currently studing statistics/computer sc. and would like to be a data analyst.

when you say irrelevant things what exactly do you mean

I studied same course as you did but working in a manufacturing industry in supervisory role of production unit.
With your experience in government setting (being a scientific officer in a government agency) what will you advice i do having opportunity in a Science ministry of state government and also a lecturing job to the private job I doing now (a pharmaceutical)?

the business thrive in a rural setting. To get POS isn't hard,   get in touch with opay or Kudi agent  they will put you through.

Can I mail you sir?

I studied Industrial Chemistry and would want to practice as a quality control analyst. I wouldn't mind an Intern role. Thanks
You can reach me here for more details about me and my qualifications.
chenjimmy263@gmail.com

it was a suggestion. Where there's a will there's hope. Simply go to the travel section and read

it depends on your pocket,   you can start with 200k or at least 150k

Things that won't have value in their lives

am not brother

Are you in field,   if yes i hail thee..
please save up and move on..

Internationally recognised..
HSE from Nisp is a starting point though.

please enlighten me on how earn income through investing in transportation business.

Can I use the knowledge to trade crypto?

Studied Statistics but now a teacher.........can you imagine?

What is your area of specialization in Telecom?

I studied Comp Science. Now a contractor in O&G and Telecom Firms.

Waoh,   Math and F.Math at the same time? Must be a genius! For some preparing  for Waec/IJMB Math,   what text books will you recommend?

Thanks man. I really appreciate your response. Since you're doing what I wish to do,   I was wondering if you could point out one or two things to me. I'll like to send you a PM,   if you don't mind. It's okay by me if you'll find it uncomfortable.

Studied Quantity Surveying, works with a federal agency as a Quantity Surveyor.

Which one is University of Makurdi? 
We only have Benue state University Makurdi and University of Agriculture Makurdi

I studied mechanical engineering, i first worked in a power generating company. I later switched to an accounting firm.

How do you work from home please help me out.

please tell me basic knowledge to acquire to be programmer.

I'm also studying Psychology and I plan to specialize in clinical psychology. Any advice for me please?

 
You can help a brother ooo
Same course but no job

Kinda sounds interesting. What are your responsibilities as a product specialist?

I'd prefer to keep communication on nland 

I am interested in this forex trading. Can we talk about it?

Thanks for responding. 
Which information tech training Institute can you recommend with minimal charges

enroll urself in computer and technology institute. I did mine at Nigerian Institute of Information Technology (NIIT),    those guys there are the best. I also undergone some IT packages at Admas computers in Port Harcourt, they are they are good as well

Thanks sir

Sorry bro I'd rather not,  I'm not really a specialist I just got an idea and it worked for me doesn't mean it'll work for you,  it depends on quite a lot of factors. 
Get 5 bikes for a start and drivers between 18-21 years of age then draw up a contract and charge 2500 delivery each per day.see how it goes from there.

so you do view all the funny post about snake pple make to tease you? And you always lego and let them have the fun. Am delighted to to read your comment. You are cool matured

if you do not know anything related to forex,   please just close your mouth

Mechanical Engineering but currently working as a technical instructor with the state ministry of education.

Nice one Sir,
Thanks Sir.

Am a crop scientist working as a freelance sales consultant

studied guidance and counselling now selling data

Cool. I will advice you take the government role. Especially if it gives you an opportunity to work on the field or develop. On the long run you can take up a lecturing work as a part time which I believe your experience and qualifications will help.

I learnt software dev at NIIT,   the  full stack Java course cost about 300k . The package includes HTML ,   JavaScript ,   RDBMS (Database management ) ,   Hibernate for ORM ,   Core Java and all enterprise Java frameworks -  JSP ,   JSF ,   Struts ,   Spring MVC with well detailed materials/books and class exercises . Lots of people will tell you that NIIT is not as it was anymore but during my time (2017) I was lucky to have a very interactive and supportive tutor . You can as well try Aptech among others.   I learnt Angular ,   PHP (Laravel) ,   Spring boot on my own .

remember forex is not a get rich quick scheme

I studied Political science and working as a customer relationship manager (banker)

please I wish to connect with in respect of scholarship on WHATSAPP

I studied Computer Science.I am a computer Engineer and also an Instructor teaching others Computer Engineering in a Vocation Training Center.
I enjoy my profession and my job.
Impacting knowledge to others.

Okay...

I studied primary education studies still doing job hunting

I work with Tableau,   QlikView/QlikSense,   and sometimes MS PowerBi. Did a lot of work with SAP Fiori and S/4 HANA too. I have knowledge of SQL and C# too.

With Your computer Science/ Statistics,   you will be a better fit for a data analyst. Just make sure you're learning something besides school curriculum. Choose some of them and learn them on your own,   they have the student version you can download for free. I'll also recommend you learn Python
Although you can't get your hand on SAP,   it's an enterprise software that's not that open for free.

Studied Pharmacy.... Working as a Community Pharmacist.

There are jobs in Lagos but the state is overcrowded so the jobs might not end up paying much,   some don't pay at all and others have silly qualification requirements just to stop others from applying. Some people are fortunate that their jobs are enough to live on but most are not so most people end up doing a side business or have a partner with another source of income.

 God did it for me but all applications are on hold because of coronavirus

fool.. stop saying what you don't know
Forex is regulated by world bank..
Forex is more like advance aboki dollar exchange..
You buy usd/ngn for 350.and  .two days later dollar went up to 370..u gain 20...and you can decide to take profit or leave it to grow too...and if dollar comes down too..d same tin...So bros.if you don't understand forex stop saying wat you don't know..i hope you re not a graduate sha.. because if you re one..then you are a disgrace to the university you finished from..
Imagine "Forex is like betting" you are foolish..i repeat ...fool

send me your WhatsApp contact. let me be hopeful you re legit

The choice is all yours to make. You will have a lot of options to choose from.

So how has been your experience in forex trading. Please make sure you learn it very well because it is a lifetime business
You practically have to beg them if you want to do anything in the departmental office as an academic staff... 
Very lazy

The biggest personal deceit you all are doing yourself is thinking that non teaching staff do nothing. Anyways,   the leadership SSANU has now isn't like the old ones. Let the money be paid first and we see how it's done.

They are sabotaging ASUU thinking they are doing good to themselves. Now see where they have landed. Group of visionless Union.

It is Earned Academic Allowance EAA,   not Earned Allowance.
please be guided.

If ASUU comes to public to relay there grievances with government it's nit a big deal buh it's no bodies business if other unions do it right.

Either you're playing to the gallery or you're ignorant of the happenstances in the university system.
A little education,   should I?
There are 4 unions in the university and each had a 2009 agreement for earned allowances (which ASUU christened EAA). Government has released money for the accumulated earned allowances to be paid to all the unions. And you think that one union should have the bulk of it?
Allow the university governing council which is the employer of all staff in the university to determine who gets what,   when and how. Is that what ASUU has been fighting for? University autonomy! How can you now usurp the university governing council to received EA through NUC?

Why are you crying brother?  I see so much hate here. Receive peace

There's something very pitiable about someone who claims to be all knowing but ends up showing so much ignorance. 
Peace brother

Money matter..

please enlighten them most clearly don't know anything apart from what they read in papers and what they watch on t.v.

that did you know about ASUU and its struggle for sanity in our public universities??
They maybe corrupt as you claim but the little prestige left of our universities has been because of their struggle over the years
It's condescending how folks talk affirmatively yet don't know shit

You should know that ASUU is not a media friendly union. The union has no public relation officer neither does it has social media accounts.
We work with facts; let them present their facts to appropriate authorities if they have one.

It is either you did not read my post or you are deliberately twisting my points.
No where did I say or imply that non-teaching staff does 'nothing'. What I said is that their earned allowance claim will generally be low compared to that of academic staff because of job description of the parties.
If you deserve more than 20% then prove it; it is 'earned'.

I am an academic staff of a federal university. Both FGN/ASUU and FGN/SSANU 2009 agreements have EARNED ALLOWANCE components. That of ASUU is EARNED ACADEMIC ALLOWANCE while that of SSANU is EARNED ALLOWANCE. Find time and read the two agreements.
FGN is common to the two agreements and therefore government generally calls it EARNED ALLOWANCE.
The first payment was a 30bn released in 2013 after an ASUU strike. The second payment was a ?25bn released in 2017. The third payment was a 25bn released in 2019. All the three payments fought for by ASUU were shared with non-teaching staff. Between,   the non-teaching staff got about 6 or 8bn which was shared by their members only.
The current payment is based on the forensic audit report of 2018 which includes ALL unions in the universities.
The report puts the total earned allowance claim for the period of 2009 - 2016 for ALL unions at 160bn. Out of this amount government has paid 80bn as at 2019. The remaining 80bn was spread into 4 instalmental payments of 20bn each to be paid on 2019,   2020,   2021,   and 2022.
The current 40bn is is made up of 2 instalmental payments for 2019 and 2020. Both tranches have claims of non-teaching staff incorporated.
The point of contention is not whether or not they have a share but whether is 20% that is traditionally allocated to them is FAIR. My take is that it is fair and if they feel otherwise they should interrogate the audit report and prove us wrong.

I am surprised you view 'prove it' as corruption. How else do you want to get money that is suppose to be 'earned'?
No one gets earned allowance without proving it. We all have filled the forms. 
Even among ASUU members not every person will get it. Many people will not get it. Some federal universities will not get anything because they did not exist as at 2016.

Meaning what?
please educate Mr. Expert.
I am curious to learn.

What stops SSANU from fighting for theirs? Must they always piggyback on ASUU struggles.. Moreover,   what ASUU fought for was Earned Academic Allowance (EAA)...
The same SSANU that can't fight for her members minimum wage arrears are here acting all tough.. 
If you consider fighting for your rights as a sin,   then it says a lot about the membership of SSANU,   whose leaders are not accountable to their members.

They will never learn... Too sad they are too myopic to emancipate themselves from the useless leaders they have as SSANU executives.... 
They rushed into IPPIS thinking they were antagonising ASUU,   now they are busy wailing...

You really understand those looters. They're sharing offers everyday in their effort to cover their loot pending their systematically staged negotiation.

What have you done about all the corrupt Nigerian administrations that have looted trillions in the past couple of years?

As men of honour...

Please teach me the survey filling?

Thanks yeah... I also tutor students preparing for Maths and fmaths in WAEC.

i Bet more than 90% of the folks here didn't practice what they studied. Main reason I attest to the fact that there are courses that are useless as far as Nigeria is concerned. 
If you're not in the medical field,   then BOOM,   on your own,  your case. 
I don't know. I don't trade crypto.

I studied Accounting and I am working as an Auditor

Lagos is never my comfort zone buh Kwara state. i served in kano,   I wanted to stay back after my nysc but my uncle's wife was very harsh just like kano weather itself which left me no choice than to return to kwara. From kwara,   i moved  to Ogun in search of greener pasture,   I spent 4 months there which I will term a futile adventure. Spent 80% of my nysc savings on feeding. I went back to kwara to re strategies. This is my 8th month in Lagos squatting with a brother. I will gladly leave lagos if I see an opportunity that worth it

Thanks  

so what would you like to know
oohhh really,   thanks man.

How many years post-call and what State are you practicing in?

Okay thanks bro

Thanks and be blessed

Good one,   brother but permit to say this,   VB is virtually a dead PL. It is on a fast decline as of 2019/2020,   you can check it out yourself.
Another thing is to ask him if he has a resilient spirit because programming is very very frustrating. In fact,   I just took a break because my  my head is hot right now due to a little frustration from a lesson.
Advice him to learn Python or JavaScript. Those are the languages in high demand right now and clients are paying big bucks for it.
Once again,   congratulations on what you have done so far. Cheers!

7 years post call. I practice between in the east.

Yea I'm on the field ... 
Yea true ... Cool thanks G. 
Its crazy out there ... Seen loads of shit out there ...

Are you alright at all?

If you know how to analyse/teach price chart,   then I will advice you to leave $20/day and join 60-100% per 4 days. .
Stop wasting your time with forex..
It's the same Bollinger band,   RSI,   MACD,   trendline and pattern you're using on Forex that will still fetch you cool money on crypto.

I studied business administration  but I am working as an electrical engineer.....

I get this flair for this solar thing.  How can I contact you bro.  Just enlighten me more on where to start and how the industry plays.

I also read science lab tech but I'm currently running biochem for my HND program. 
Did you run hnd or you got a job with your ND?

I also read science lab tech but I'm currently running biochem for my HND program. 
Did you run hnd or you got a job with your ND?
How were you able to get this job?
Professional qualifications and certificates,   please.

Forex is gambling with suit and complex algorithms guessing how things would play out... 

I studied international management.My job presently is NETWORK MARKWTING with ALLIANCE IN MOTION GLOBAL where i make daily money.

Did you just say guess work?,   Look at your weekly chart and the color of your daily candle.
A trend that goes on for three months,   four,   five and sometimes six months and above is not a guess work.
It's just that forex is not for those who want to chase the Dollars,   good thing comes to those who wait.
Now I return to my couch of temporary indulgence,   happy Sunday evening y'all.

I studied agricultural science in the university and graduated with a 2:1 but yet to secure a job. I'm job-hunting

Social Work & Community Development at undergraduate or Social Work at undergraduate and specialized in Community Development at Masters level? please,   clarify. Thanks

Are you guy for real or kidding me please if all this things you guys are saying is true menh that mean school is useless ,   what is the essence of going to school


It's with the federal government of Nigeria

Thanks but no thanks. Am good with what I do...

Thank you sir. I really appreciate

I understand you and your generation are losers and its so contagious in your family..I am from a different background biko..I don't lose.So get your "loser" mentality off here... I am a winner

I do not understand this comment
get a life bro

forget that guy bro

I live in the north .....It's easier to get jobs here since you have a degree and probably hard working ..
Teaching jobs here are endless possibly banking and the rest ..
They told you to leave kano and left you to find a job for yourself ? ..

Studied mass communication,   yet to get a job.

physical and health education im a coach right now

We join hands!!!

Which Sport?

Environmental Science and Resource Management. I want to upgrade and become Environmental Health Practioner

Which club please?

Studied economics Working as an administrator at a federal university by day and a front end developer plus UI designer by night.

Studied Chemical Engineering and working as a production personnel in a polyurethane foam company here in Abuja

Studied Doctor now a lawyer

Thanks for your response.
I have been able to pick something.
Determining if it will give me field experience or development when I am yet to join is the challenge here. Reason I asked and willing to know from you and others that are there to guide with your experience,   being there.

Nice one sir.
I also did Industrial Chemistry. I sent you a message


 studied industrial mathematics also.

I studied  Microbiology  and also work as a quality analyst. Can we link up?

Insulated panels I guess

Studied Political science and Geography. Now a professional freelance writer  
I also own a writing company where we offer a wide range of writing services...

I studied Aquaculture Presently working in a hospital 

Gone through this thread from beginning to the end,   I can't found my counterpart,   this is really scary.... I studied Architecture,   am at the phase of the field practicing,   getting more exposure and experience,   though the pay is little,   but am considering that to be a way to get advance on the profession and get more connection

I study Mechanical Engineering,    but working as a programmer and Trainer in a company

Yes boss. Crammed that year

studied Electrical Engineering and am currently a practicing Electrical Engineer in a manufacturing Industry

Yes

I studied Quantity Surveying. 
I currently work as a quantity surveyor in a federal government agency.

I don't get 

Studied statistics. Did a masters in maths after that. Now working as a research assistant (while doing a PhD in stats).

Scholar 
Good one bro!!

And me am seriously looking for who to even squat with because I want to relocate to lagos.

We join hands

How much are the pharmacist being paid 
Currently studying pharmacy

Cool...I'm more of spray PU

Studied building technology Working As a logistician at Dangote Cement

 Okay... Though I don't know the school.

Studied Accountancy,   now a Chief Accountant

which school combines both social science courses? Elucidate

I am a student optometrist,   5th year in one of the universities in the Eastern Nigeria and I wish to practice my profession someday. 
Also an intermediate graphic designer.

Sir,   I was left with no choice than to leave,   her troubles were incessant. I won't mind going back to North especially Kano because I love the place. The fact is that am really tired of teaching,   I really need a career job and banking isn't a bad idea. If there is any help you can render on the banking stuff,   I will appreciate it.
Are you in Kano?

I can wait also

Okay

Studied Economics and I'm now a CEO in a financial institution after several years practicing Risk Management.  I actually have a Masters degree in Risk though.

In respect to practising.

I studied Linguistics,   I'm a programmer. It's related in a way because I'm using programming language a lot but I wasn't taught any of that in school.

Yeah,  an insane country where square pegs end up in round holes.See why the country is a complete  mess .A total disorganized shithole .People studying one thing and end up doing something else.How do you expect organise settling.?i weep for this nation.

please i need your advice on my career. you can mail me sir for me to communicate with you.

 
 Sorry to ask,   sir. What's the difference? 

No worries sir but just in case there's a vacancy anywhere around you please do not hesitate to contact me plz

studied a paramedical course..... but am working in a bank......... it's a mystery

please tell me more about it,   POS business,   is the same of sending and receiving money?

In UNN,   there is a course called 'Combined Social Sciences',   just like Combined Arts. You would combine two courses I.e Eco/Pol,   Pol/Soc,   Pol/Phil,   Pych/Soc etc. The first is actually your major and that is where you write your final year project. The second is your minor. In my case,   Political science is my major. 
Hope you are cleared?

studied International studies & Diplomacy but currently heading and IT firm!

This is sad,   very sad. I don't know why we have to go through all these.

You should try and go into food production or snacks production. Except you love Fashion Designing.

very sad bro,  we are the architect of our own predicaments from time immemorial.

studied mass communication now a cashier at betNigeria. 

I studied Estate management and valuation; but at the moment I am self employed,   into interlocking,   landscaping and stamped concrete construction....

It's not fixed.... In private enterprises,   it's more about your bargaining power...

So how much are you then paid?

I just registered a premises.

Okay you just opened your own pharmacy store?

No,   not yet,   just registered for someone else

You leased your license right??

At 7, why not contemplate running your firm or entering a partnership/associateship with one? Truth is save Lagos and maybe Abuja practicing under someone isn't as lucrative. Start up. Our office is in Benin though.

I  look you with one kind eye first  
like this?

Yes

One amazing thing about being a pharmacist 
How much did you lease it for?  
Can we chat outside NL

OK....

Seriously?

You need to get trained on crane operations. Start from there.
Thanks sir 
I would have love to do it but the cost is what I don't have now

Are you kidding me? 
it is well

Ok let's see how it goes

Didn't know I replied yes on that,   we're into sprayer too. Sprayer on continuous slabstock.

Please can I send a text and send my cv in case an opportunity surface

I m just an analyst that is newly employed there,   don't have such power or previlage

okay sir,   thanks for your response

Why asking?

The lady is pretty, but I don't want you be pretty. I want you to be ugly.
So tell, are you the lady? 

Yes, I am  
Thanks

I'm inspired by your comment.
Please I would appreciate to know, if you wouldn't mind, if you learnt everything on graphics design and web development on Udemy.
Thank you for your anticipated reply.

Wow!
I am not yet a doctor,   but I would love to connect with you. Please I hope you wouldn't mind Dr?

are you a Noam chomskyan too?... You have a one here too

No not everything,   I just brushed up my skills on some programming language on udemy,  I've kinda always been into graphic design.

also studied lingusitics.. How do I become a consultant too?

That's more of pipes,  panels,  etc We manufacture the foam onsite for cold stores and sometimes residential buildings(roofing).

Ours is different, we manufacture for comfort like sheetings for underlays, cushions and mattresses. We manufacture for aesthetics too......Winco Foam is the brand name.

sure

Yea that's flexible PU ours is rigid....I know winco foam.

Yeah, flexible.
What's your position in your company and what's the name of your company?

can conclude from your reply,    your sense of maturity.. be guided

oh..are you done?

Are you a premed student or in medical school?
ay.
Thank you very much.
But if you wouldn't mind,   do you think one can learn every necessary skill on graphics designing on Udemy?

I am studying in Nigeria. So the structure and terminologies may not be the same. In our common terms,   I am a preclinical student (currently in 300level in 
medical school   about to write my Professional MBBS exam to move into 400level).
I don't know if this fits as premed or stands in-between premed and medical student in your definition.

That's nice, I'm just a production personnel since I'm just starting my career as a foamer being a fresh graduate.

I studied business education at unilorin,   am a business study teacher and also doing computer business,   cyber cafe

Bro, I want to learn data analysis. Can I send a text?

It is a possibility,   however it takes a considerable amount of attention most people don't have.but if you have the time and you're really interested I don't see why not.

Sure I was kidding .... And am sure you know that

I am an education consultant. I don't know what kind of consultant you aspire to be...

i should know you then...300l phl uniben too

Okay.
Thank you very much.

ALL POLICE OFFICERS WILL NEVER KNOW PEACE!!!!! YOU ALL WILL DIE SUDDEN DEATH.
I KNOW WHAT I FACED TODAY WITH YOU GUYS......Y'ALL ARE THE SAME ALWAYS AFTER MONEY ILLEGALLY THAN PROTECTING US

Social Work and Community Development at both Undergraduate and Post Graduate.

Must you allow yourself to be this pained!!!
Young man, Wishing all police officers dead can't even solve your state of depression and shallow mindedness... You're a man... Take control of your mind,   soul and spirit. 
You really need help because you sounded so pathetic. Take a deep breath and relax..It's well with you.

I thought you specialize at post-graduate level. Your alma-mata,   please

You cant study Economics and become a nurse practitioner. You must have had at least a MSN-FP or a DNP.  Shut up. Maybe  respiratory tech you be sef. Shut up again

When you said market storm,   I think I can cypher the bank.....

I did not say anything.
 

chemical engineering(first class)and awaiting service,  i aspire to be the next Folorunsho Alakija majoring in the petroleum sector.So help me God

You're obviously dumb that's why you fail to realize the dynamics of educational opportunities in developed countries. I have a degree in economics,   MSc in Econometrics and then Masters of Science degree in Nursing acquired through accelerated route. Entry requirement is first degree in non-nursing bachelor's degree. 
So many Africans in the USA go through this route to become nurse practitioners. See link below : nursing.uci.edu/programs/mepn/
Now listen,   everyone is not a failure like you and if you don't have knowledge as regards a particular subject,   ask questions. 
PS, I can send you money for meat if you want because I know people like you can trade your future for meat.

Shut up!!! You should have said you studied Nursing after Economics. You initially  sounded like you studied economics nd came out to become a nurse. That's why she called you quack. Don't you want to have sense? I didn't read that trash,   no be only you  USA,   we get people for there. I'm comimg soon too. Shut up again and have sense. 
Thunder faya you and your money. I'm writing my NCLEX soon you fool.

Studied primary education still job hunting.

Writing your NCLEX soon when you didn't school in USA. Keep fooling yourself and your kind on nairaland.

You are so dense. I'm done with you.

Read Business Administration Now working part-time as a WhatsApp admin  

That is where you goofed. Despite your place of abode and academic qualifications,   you don't know they sit for NCLEX outside USA? Now,   I doubt your Nursing profession. They sit for it in Phillipines and South Africa. Google is your best friend.

 Don't be scared because you're into it already. Try and finish well while developing yourself for plan B.

why are you not interested in setting up you farm? Practise what you have gone to school to study. Don't be a slave again

i'm also a political science student, can we hook up for private discussion?

He's not a nurse. He's a quack.

What makes you better off.

Shut up

You didn't practice?

let's chat on facebook please

bro... Long time o. How Far with those things? 

I studied Law, and I work with the Ministry of Justice.

You go need to refresh my databank oooo,  how the hustle nah?

 It's not easy bro.

Big congrats. That's huge. Not cut out for sciences, probably would have been a pharmacist. Couldn't figure out why "Potassium" is "K,  " meanwhile "Hydrogen" is "H" and "Helium;" "He."
A lawyer now,   finished from Uniben and practicing with my office in Benin. I look back and no regrets for not trying to figure out why Potassium is "K." Will always question that crap.

I studied Economics now I'm working a Data Analyst

Thanks my brother. Heard this explanation. Question is,   "do the others not have Latin names,   how come Potassium was singled out?" Well I guess it's about accepting the things you can't change.

Bro, how far... please how did you make the transition from Economics to data Analysis. 
I also studied Economics, I will like to learn from you...I anticipate your reply thanks

Ohh.......... Data analyst in form of sales/business analyst. Though I'm still working towards real data analytics which involves the use of python.

OK. Thank you.

Art students excelling in Computer and IT fields. While Computer guys are jobless. And Science/ Engineering guys doing so well in the Banks. Peeps  to just go school,   during or after school we go find level.

Can I pays you 1000 naira for hug,   kiss & romance u? I pay cash please 

Also studying the course in my penultimate year

Register for free at
How is this Pandemic affecting you? How are you making adjustments for #postcovid19  era. Mrs. Bukie Adebonojo  and the minister of state for education in Nigeria,   Honourable Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba and a host of others will answering your questions and enlightening you in the emerging business opportunities in education sector

Soooo nobody here studied what I did....health education. Still in it though

which university is that?

Sure... so many professional  courses with lots of years of experience.

Thanks for your concern sir. You're actually very correct and what you just said is actually my plan. But you know,   one needs money to start something.

Do you still have these places in that jonsin school

I studied educational management,   now I'm working at KPMG international audit firm.

You are doing well

I just gained admission through direct entry to study physics. What should I be expecting,   and what are the materials you can recommend for me to come out with high grade? Thanks.

This is the first time am seeing this name everyone talks about.I thought it was even a slang used for snakes because that's when its mentioned mostly 


Haven't done this before, especially on Nairaland, but hey; you never can tell where one will meet his spouse. I would love to meet you.

oh god  
 

...the man try. I am 27yrs in final year and still feel very old

Texted you already.


federal governmentand ASUU should have mercy,   we need our babes back to school ...infact we 're tired of our street babes,   we need fresh ones ...

I knew this was just the case. 
Bloggers just like making catchy headlines.

Sincerely
Please if you are a parent reading this, if you can, ensure your children don't study in this country. After their secondary education, send them out of this country.

And some students are already rejoicing,   
they aren't done yet with negotiating,   and ASUU can't trust the government until they fulfil their promise

My parents knew how bad schooling in Nigeria was that's why they sent me abroad to school and I will do same to my kids,   Nigeria educational sector is dilapidated,   the government doesn't give a damn which is really bad

Foolish set of people!!

You knew or you wished.
What is your problem with bloggers. True they can be peddlers or misinformation but what makes you any different. Punchng.com posted it on their twitter. How him take concern bloggers

It's obvious almost 9 months at home has made many students read and not understand.
ASUU has not called off strike,   ASUU "agreed",   as soon as government starts disbursing the agreed fee.
Knowing how our government is,   it's fingers crossed.
Strike continues,   till further notice.
Please,   if you are a Nigerian parent and you come across this.
Try hard not to send your wards to Government owned institutions in Nigeria,   especially federal government owned. 
Private or abroad would be best. No federal governmentwill hold your ward down for 8 months over   of NASS budget..70bn.

They should kukuma pass everybody because me I don't know wat am going to write Sha wen school resumes 
Make I catch any MF  go cover book for hall first or I ask tin 1 b you no answer on time 
we die there

Let them abolish higher institution in Nigeria..
Anyone vying for a job should just be employed and made to go through their training there...
Kindergarten,   primary and secondary schools are enough..
University is a waste of 4 precious years in this harsh economy.
Most people that went straight to learn a skill as soon as they left secondary are well to do than most that further their education into higher institution..
Make nobody quote me oh because I'm entitled to the privilege to air my opinion.

I expected this 
 
everything is audio,  good morning though

I wish my certificates are here with me,   unfortunately it's in Nigeria so that I can prove fake ass like you wrong

What is all this?

You people better call of the strike the dollar is going to 500Naira by the time you finish you would realize they have paid you less dollarwise better wise up. 
Except Nigeria change its ways and stop bragging about $35billion to cover export when the only serious commodity they export is oil and 80% of what they import can be produce locally. 
Countries like Japan,  China,  Germany are taking in Trillions of dollars we are still sha billion we are bragging.. 
It seem we are  kukuma not reading the news Biden winning means electric cars would be very much mass produce in the U. S it is only a matter of time before the world's join so what would happen to our mono economy.

 nope 
 even punch newspaper used the same headline " ...agrees to suspend strike..."

Party have scatter

Nigeria news ooo

ASUU and federal governmenthave always been at loggerheads since time immemorial,   the consistent strike is just another insult on the old archaic and ancient curriculum,   this country is way behind! studying in Nigeria is not worth it.

See what ASUU is doing to us 
Please watch my video and learn from my mistake
If you are in sss3 or just finished secondary school  please if you have money write standarthised test like SAT,   IELTS and Cambridge Alevels 
A word is enough for the wise
 

 i don't want to know because i don't give a damn!

.if we adopt this your approach,   how do we train our medical doctors,   nurses and pharmacists as well as other professional

I read this paragraph in the other thread. This does not mean the strike is ending soon,   at least not this year.

ASUU talk am say we should go and marry By now my wife water for break

 They will go and learn as apprentice from Professionals. It will be cheaper,   faster and more of practicals than theory. There were those professions before the advent of university education. University only make it civilised and formal.

..
These professionals at one time were students too..

FG hasn't implemented the 65billion they initially proposed and now they said they are increasing it to 70billion. who is fooling who sef? I think they are just using all these tricks to stop students from protesting.

They should just leave it till next year.

They were students too but they can inculcate knowledge outside university system. I have read about a hospital cleaner who is now a surgeon. She has been with a surgeon for some years and when the surgeon was not around,   she was given a chance to operate on a patient who needs urgent operation and it was successful. The story is online.

.
My guy,   we need our universities.

Thank you
God bless ASUU
I never get hostel money and cloth

I really hate this man called ogunyemi  

Gone are the days when NANS is NANS,   not this political and fearful NANS will have today.

OMG! ...U nailed all those points
It's just a matter of time 

Yeah!! Exactly you're wright.. most of the people who went straight to learn a skill,   learn apprehentice are doing fine even those that didn't learn anything but are on the street doing legitimate hustling are doing fine more than those who went to further their education.. People are now mocking institution certificate don't even have any regard for it. It's a pity that if they hear you're are going to school they have started seeing you as a person who is willing to waste his money energy and time. 
Nigeria is already doom!!!

Those of you shouting the education is poor and running abroad. Good for you
 But know that bad system present you with great challenges possibility of making an impact in your lifetime. Go out but come back to improve your system.
If you go  abroad you are useless to the whites cus everything that needs to be done has already been done. You just spectating.

I am sure you must be a "drop out"

It is high time government implement no work no pay

If you are working or learning a skill as a student,   ASUU strike will bother you less.

Utill protest errupt..federal government will keep saying "we will",   "we are going to",   "we have accepted that" etc.
Action speaks louder than words.

it's on the official twitter handle of ASUU,  so bloggers didn't carry any fake news

When it comes to bogus contracts,   it usually get approved in no time. But this is the educational sector,   something that would benefit ordinary Nigerians,   the federal governmentkeeps going back and forth with ASUU. 
What a country!

Not true
ASUU doesn't have any twitter handle. Those are parodies.

you're funny

i hate this man ah swear stupid people i will try diploma or nce since university is a west of time

Yes!!

I really think it's a south of time not west

ASUU does not have a Twitter account

MORE LIKE DONT MAKE YOU CHILD A CITIZEN OF NIGERIA

Umaru Musa Yar'adua University,   Katsina State (UMYU),   Accepted the offer presented by FG,   Agrees to suspend Strike.

Benue State University Rejects federal governmentOffer, Says The Nationwide Strike Must Continue if It's Within Their Power.

imagine, state university wants to continue strike indefinitely 
Ortom should just sack all of them
by the time hunger mama them for two years they will know the meaning of "meet at middle point"

Oau ASUU branch supports continuation of strike until all demands are met by the federal government.
Some other institutions such as FULAFIA,   FUTO have also rejected the offer from the government

I don't see OAU's stand as continuation of the strike as most of the demands they stated has or will be met by the FG!
 
..  Bro your comment  make me laugh..  Aswear ba this people are just selfish

they want make all those demand be met before they call of strike
read that thing well boss

Thank you my guy.
We are now in another election collation season 

We're In this together 

Hopefully they call off the strike.

I can't see any problem with all the 8 items except for the item two where they want EAA for only ASUU 

what about university of uganda,   hope they accept the Offer......Nigeria  scam

I think if this strike is suspended,   Nigerian students should protest against all those Universities that voted for continuation of the strike. Some of those lecturers need to be given "minimal shishi" 

 
True boss

confused people...two cant work together unless they agree..
this ASUU as a union is more like a joke...

ASUU,   University of Calabar (UNICAL) Chapter Accepts FG's Offer With Gratitude,   Agrees to Suspend Strike On Friday.

Great

seriously? We should remove them from rejection list, quickly

Yeah sure sir

Please, update the original post accordingly.
those red crosses could give person heart attack  

Done I'll keep updating that

superb,   I could see you have just done that. It's now looking better 

UNN accepted the offers, watch how other schools will copy them!! 

this strike will be called off on Friday by God's grace

Oxford university accepts FG's offer,   ready to suspend strike

I think that is the school of Ngige's three children  

I won't waste my time to read the nonsense but all I know is that when two elephants (FG & ASUU) are fighting the grass (STUDENTS) always be the victims. Until the students protest for their exclusion in the activities of this country in terms of education not will change. They will remain like this till 2023 when that dullard will leave office. Nonsense people

When is this ASUU - federal government problem ending for goodness sake? I pity  the helpless Nigerian students. 
I think for once the government should show sincerity and change tactics. This game is becoming boring already please and a shame to both parties

 These people are playing ping pong and catching cruise on our heads.


Both The ASUU and federal government are Not serious......

Just see how Unfortunate Nigeria is 

Peopel can study in Zambia,   Ghana,   Cameroon,    Dubai if you can please send your children to this countries and leave the Assu chairman and co to continue with their meeting.

 my own deliver last week. What a bouncing baby boy 

If you like continue with the strike till thy kingdom come but one day it shall come to passed

Would have done that as well,   if only studying medicine outside country is cheap
 IT WONT BE MET,   very stupid asshole,  old ugly useless men 
 since march haba! even a woman who was pregnant then,   has already given birth and the child already crawling ,  I pray as you fools are delaying us so shall your blessings and useless demands be delayed ASE

God, I beg you,   my children can't school for this country. Bless me oo make I give them dual nationality/citizenship  
 

How sure are you?

 see someone giving himself hope... 

Shut up there,   go and blame the government not ASUU

 Young man stop giving yourself hope,   check the date on the website and come back here

 Studying med is expensive everywhere,   the course itself is expensive

You don't have to reply such comment,   this platform is occupied by babies.

Its not expensive in Nigeria  compared to other Countries. Studying the course itself is not expensive

Let your motivation be God thru His son Jesus Christ. " The flesh profits nothing,   it is the spirit that gives life" ROM 8,   Repent and give your life to Christ,   for the salvation of your soul.

E get the kind opinion you go air,   freedom after speech will not be guaranteed. I reckon that higher education shouLD be made less attractive to the youths. Truth is,   if one has proper education at O'level you are already equipped ti a great extent. University education should be made exclusive to exceptional students into top professional courses. The rest can go into commercial,   vocational or technical schools which should not be stupidly degraded as we have today. I see no reason for some courses in university like Vocational,   Education Faculty (when we have colleges of Education) and the likes. People should be confident to apply for decent jobs after SSCE and thOse eho opt to proceed to commercial,   vocational or technical schools should henceforth not be seen as less equipped.

Hope is the only thing one can give himself/herself in this country. 

True

 It's one of the most expensive course in Nigeria,   federal government schools may be cheaper but in a good private school it's expensive

Sincerely.
In 2014,   I got admitted to study Medicine at New Vision University,   Tbilisi,   Georgia. Same year,   I was equally issued an admission at Texilla American University,   Guyana (Caribbean Island).
The Ebola outbreak and finance impeded my journey. I finally got admitted in one of the federal universities here.
If not for COVID and this strike,   by February/March of 2021,   I would have been a final year medical student. Imagine! Many others would have been inducted into the practice by now.
See what our country is doing to us.
When we have corrupt and greedy leaders without vision,   the outcome is pretty predictable.

Nigeria alone is a cross we all have to bear. That's why I'm going to pay that sacrifice now,   my children mustn't go through this pain

God should show us mercy. Federal government doesn't care whether we are educated or not. What a country.
We await the OUTCOME.
We won't give up.

I'm more interested in the outcome of the meeting than when they started.

oh my God,  sometimes I wonder if Nigeria is really a country,  imagine still on this topic..how many more meetings will hold before ASUU &FG iron things out for good
This shithole country doesn't give a fuck about Education.

On God o
business as usual. Who go bet this match today

Hmm. It is well. If students are told to vote whether to resume or not,   you will be surprised at the results we will get. 
Students sef are tired. Majority are praying nothing gets resolved till next year.  

Fruitless and unending meetings

It's almost needless suspending the strike this year. 
3 weeks and Christmas is in then students travel again

The same optimism he  has expressed for months 
To hell with this government
joke

Which stupidity meeting are they doing

I give up for this country

Everytime strike

Let's keep our fingers crossed Because I am bored for house

No single hope for this country aswear

Very sad situation we find ourselves

Nigeria matter has passed grammar.

Whatever be the outcome of today's meeting,  we move!!!
But the thing  give me bp if I remember say school fit resume very soon 

Namdi my bro that just got admitted into ABSU is already relenting

ok

Goan marry so you'll move to another house 

NO MEANINGFUL INFORMATION.

So you want go fuck around abi?
most of these students just want to flex it's not because of academics whatsoever

Ngige has always expressed optimism but nothing has happened 
So don't have your hopes up that this will be different

Now,   read what you typed 
This time,   slowly.
Okay. Good
Does it make sense to you?
No sense in the nonsense you typed

I think youth need to organise another End Sars protest for this ASSU officials if they refuse   to call of the strike..because i am sure  will still be paid for all the months spent at home.

Must students travel for Christmas?

 That's the truth,   most of them are eager to go back because they miss their school lifestyle,   the flexing,   partying,   fucking around etc 
they can't do it at home because they know they can't. once they get the liberty,   they do anything they like,   I've seen most girls/boys like that

Why so difficult to sack these lecturers if it is possible to sack medical doctors. These people are arrogantly arrogating too much power to themselves unnecessarily. Every Nigerian is a stakeholder in federal universities,   lecturers cannot and should not be allowed to destroy our future. The present days lecturers are too overzealous and greedy. Some of them wish to be paid as oil workers but they never had the qualifications to be employed as oil workers,   they what a nonsense they have turned the country into because we don't a leader that is bold enough to tell them the fact

fools ....

You have no point.
Even if that's the reason they want to go to school education is still every students right and they deserve it
Fucking around and flexing is part of the things that teach you experiences about life 
So stop saying rubbish 
No matter what the reason is the strike should end

Can something  good come out of ASUU and federal government?

I pray this should be their last meeting,  it's really getting out of hand...

Whenever ASUU & federal governmentdisagree,   people always tend to think ASUU is on the right side and condemn federal governmentfor what they misinterpret to insensitivity on its part. Truth is that on this particular issue,   the federal governmentis trying to uproot one of  the ills in the university system. If the IPPIS bone of contention is adopted and fully implemented,   the era of multiple wages and renumerations will become history as this would mean that lecturers would no longer be able to hold positions in different public institutions at the same time. The end result is that more positions in the universities will open up to people who are "qualified" but currently unemployed. Sadly,   only an insignificant minority of these lecturers are smart enough to handle courses. The rest are nonentities who have Phds (meal ticket) and therefore have a bloated sense of entitlement. Who has ever come across a concise textbook or any journal paper of high intellectual quality authored by a Nigerian lecturer? Many can't make a correct sentence but yet churn out Nursery school rhymes (textbooks) everyother month and impose them on their students.. Greedy fools.
Let the federal governmentdeal with them. We've never had a school system after all.

Dr Ngige is not a strong negotiator. The  government should look for some body like babatunde Fashola to handle this matter with Assu  members. This man  is too dull to handle such Matter. It requires an intelligent man.

I tell you

Any need suspending it again?
Suspending it now,  will only put the students under pressure,   ranging from Test to Exam. Who does that?
Most of us have forgotten our MatNo,   some don't know how to handle pen again,   While some are facing financial challenges.
January is not too far,   allow us to revise our books.
Thanks.

All these meetings without heads make me wonder.....
God come to our aid

You sound so foolish. Stop making a shame of yourself

Final years want it to end so that they can graduate  fast

i'm  always  optimistic. please free me

o goodness,   that's an awesome news! 

sack them and then what?  
Replace them with imported academics? The country has already limited academics/academicians and you just lay off the ones we have?  
I mean doctors too work if you have a high number of employable ones to replace the sacked ones.

Even if they suspend today,   not every school will resume this year.

Will you send them money for jolly during festive period when school environment will be dry??!

One SMELLY CUNT of a lecturer spotted. If you are struggling with basic comprehension,   why not shut up and avoid intelligent conversations. Must you lay your genetic foolishness bare. Many are mad but few are roaming.

 Better

 Yes

That's not my responsibility.

Only keen minds will understand the body language of ASUU for prolonging the meetings,   instead of them to meet atleast twice a week they refuse and agree to meet after 7 days because they want the period of UTAS test with NITDA to complete before making decision about resumption. Many offers are being shared at many universities this week all in their effort to cover the alleged mass ghost workers in the Universities across the nation. Neither ASUU nor federal governmenthas good motive or concrete concern about education,   the former is greedy while the latter is stingy!

How I wish Uniport will extend it till January

It's equally not within your jurisdiction to question their intentions to travel!

Ok.. Lazy me.. I couldn't even read everything.. No wonder I performed woefully in school.. I graduated with A1 parallel though..  
Congrats to her..

Sylvia Tobiloba Ulan is going places...
Certainly,   I'll pay her bride price in 2 years time

Beauty and brain!

Congratulations to her

Don't send her to uniport or unilag or imsu or abuja uni send her to a school In kano where she can't be easily distracted, because she's hot for a secondary school leaver

Great accomplishment.
How I wish Education is valued....

May we only raise children who will make our families proud and not children who will consistenly bring shame to our families and society

Wow

NicE

She tried

Nice

Very good

Nice

See fine girl with brain , the real slay queen

May she never be distracted by unworthy men

Wow

Nice one

Congratulations to her.

Congratulations to her!
But she shouldn't relent on that.
Nigeria of nowadays requires more than that to achieve.
Even some first-class graduates are still trying to make ends meet.

you smoke weed?

Stop putting village people on high alert

good from Plateau governor,   not like some useless governors who are busy celebrating BBN mates and giving them appointments.

That mama is still in secondary skul.
This generation that don't even read ,   how did she do that . These days one can get such grade with the use of machinery ,   snicking in with phones.
What do I know.
Congrats to her.

Kudos

When some governors are meeting with BBN mates,   village people were not on alert then.

Congratulations small girl with Big God

She's not just the noisy type too.

Kano way dem dae go from door to door arrest sinners

 They were observing an industrial action then.

How has the useless governor contributed to her outstanding performance?


How you wished she chose medicine and surgery. Most of these best choose chemical engineering I don't know why. My cousin that finished that course is teaching since after university

Congrats,   government should invest in her

Vanity   

Hmmm

Congrats to her

This is a worthy ambassadors,   top brands won't recognise her

Looks like a case of high functioning autism to me. Congrats to her

I knew even before I clicked on this story that it was a girl involved.

please oooo,   am just asking oooo. In this age of technology coupled with so many distractions,   with so many young people desperate for quick wealth,   is it possible for a student to have 9A's without an assistance? Knowing fully well that special centre has been in existence even before the creation of man.

Bleep nigarr...
Bullshit
One Bleep now she go loose concentration. Trust me,   guys go wire am soon. Trust my Nigeria guys

Summary please
Hmmm,  sense will not kill you.
If we look am wella,  2020 was hyped and here we go.

There is something about studying Chemistry related courses among those of us the intelligent secondary school students.

Right from young age she's been winning big,   top notch prizes and gift of life 
I hope governor lalong sponsor her to Massachusetts Institute of technology or Harvard University or Stanford University or Edinburgh university or Yale University or any of the top universities of the world

And she's this beautiful? Ouch! I'm in tears


 Are you sure you didn't quote the wrong person?

Well done young lady.
One day you will assume that OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR OF PLATEAU STATE

I beg you In the name of God,   DON'T STUDY CHEMICAL ENGINEERING IN NIGERIA 

Wishing this brilliant Northern girl best of luck

What does the innocent plant has to do with anything?

Good news

Hmm. Lemme hear what the next person has to say

no one can dispute the fact.. the boy is good

What does lalasticlala have to say

call him  

but it's the same exam me and that guy did...

Impressive,   but from my experience,   these type of people never make it much in life. They have the potentials to be great but a mixture of religious fanaticism,   superstitious nonesense and bullshit from the parents never let them progress beyond praying frequently,   textbook reading and memorization. Then they will end up going to medical school where they become normal students and later a regular,   poorly paid Nigerian doctor.

Congratulations 
Nice to see good news hit the front page

some are naturally gifted with sharp brains and memories.... 
congrats son!

Excellent!
Keep it up boy!

was like him once..  pussy  spoil my life.. women ,  God punish  u!!

Buhari will kill his career

Brain box.. Nairalanders thanks for the love yesterday.

This is amazing.

Slay Queens, please don't corrupt this boy anytime soon, 

Yet we have a President without any valid  certificate! 

It is unfair to hardworking Nigerian youths like this. 
Good boy

And he might end up studying Medicine or Engineering and after graduation,   he will be struggling to get a job of 100k per month while some dull fellows who hired mercenaries for their exams from secondary school to university become Accountants stealing company fund,   some end up as thiefing managers of big conglomerates while the remaining dull students end up becoming our governors and senators while this one is left to blow big grammar up and down,   life is not fair,   especially to science and engineering graduates in Nigeria,   if you know you know 

Sadly the boy may finish university top of his class but one adamu from katsina will get NNPC job while my guy will be struggling to summit cv in shoprite. That's the reality in this country   

which kind head some people get? 
God I thank You for the one you gave me,   but I will be more grateful if You can give me like this guy

He should better flee o0o......before village people will locate him 
Good boy,   but Nigeria is not a place for him  

Brilliant! outstanding!
Congrats young chap.
If your parents are wise and armed with correct useful information (for scholarship),   they should lead you offshores,   now that you are young! With this brain,   you should be heading to an IVY college.

As in. I can bet on that

I am proud of him ,   he did better than i who scored 219 in 2010

I will recommend stanford university,   united states.

This is the result of hard work.
All the best to him in his career pursuit.
Congrats!

That is my son......

This boy is better than buhari academically,   politically,   economically,   emotionally,   physically,     mentally,   geographically,   infact in all the callies

Congratulations my boy

I pray his parents have money to send him to a good school,   preferably abroad.

If that Staffield Private School,   Iju,   Lagos is the School he attended,   then I'm sending my children there..

Impressive.

We are shipping him out of Nigeria,   before Nigeria destroys his future.....

Congratulations!!!
A medical professional  per excellence loading...
May God grant him higher proficiency than Ben Carson.

He Deserves a Scholarship outside Nigeria.

This kid deserve a life scholarship

He is not naturally gifted anything. he worked for it,   his parents put him on the right path and he has good teachers and keeps like minded company. 
Don't hang on that excuse of naturally gifted

I agree with some comments made here

God protect and guard him from evil ones!
May he continue to excel!

Now,  that's what we should be talking about...
Congrats Young man!

welldone boy ....  

blood of Buhari I tap into his blessings for my kids

nice

Perfect boy

This boy should just send a mail to Trump direct

After going abroad MIGHT join the sniffer club and the career and dream shattered

We will not click anything. lazy youth

The boy is also better than you in all ramification,   if we are being honest.

please who ask you for your experience..?

Congratulations Son

Intelligent .

But Can he get admission at 15?
Someone should educate me

Congrats to him though at 15 I was still in ss1.

Wow.......congrats boy

I disagree because some have everything you mention but still end up failing.

correct this 

Thank you for this trend at least there's light at the end of the tunnel with the number of those that have accepted the offer.
I wonder what those ones rejecting it actually want again!

The only Good news that can happen to me this year

Done sir

Why? OP said they refuted the report that they rejected federal government offer.

It stated "rejected"

have they joined back the Rejection Party?

Yeah go check it out sir

ooh,   I could see they are still deliberating!
Well no need shaa.. I know my school,   we would humbly accept the offer  

OK,   they are still deliberating

Yes let's hope this evening we'll hear the good news

And most importantly op,   it's ASUU not ASSU please correct that..

As if we're thinking the same things
I've been trying to correct it 
Take note

Done

NNAMDI AZIKWE UNIVERSITY accepted federal government offer

I just hope that there will be no INEC miracle in this collation   

Me too make Dem no declare am inconclusive 

Great one Bro,   I think we will laugh at the end of the collation  

unilorin nd lautech has accepted the suspension of the strike..

all I want is strike over and schools resume! 

More updates coming soon

What are the scores?

Thanks Bro... you are making my day

you never confirm that of UNIZIK?

Obafemi Awolowo University (OAU) Chapter Has Rejected The Offer Made by Federal government,   Asks for Continuation of Strike.

Congratulations

. Anyway,   during our time,   we were never allowed to use calculator only log book I guess that's what its called. Kids on nowadays have things going easy for them.

Please I'm not bragging but I got 5 A's both times.
Any accolades? 

please change his surname  to my name. good boy

Bookworm. Congratulations to him! Wishing him the very best the future has in stock.

I'm proud. Anyway,   I had my first beer lager at 15 or so. So boy, get in the groove. Pop champagne.


Lets waited for his aptitude test score before concluding.i know wat am saying

The lad is good!
If possible,   dude should be sponsored to study outside. At least,   South Africa.

I would not advise having a sexual partner immediately he enters,   but should get one before he leaves. The effects of not having one when I was in school still affects till date.  
 
Explore your sport and artistic talents. 
Success is not only found in books.
Very true about artistic talents. But the bold is subjective.

Congratulations.......

Hmmmm the advice is good but I think you're going a little over board,   for a 15 years old kid that just finished secondary school. If prayer doesn't work for you,   keep it to yourself. You're what you believe in.

THIS IS NIGERIA, EVERYTHING IS POSSIBLE

This kind of thought only exists in your countries where everything is warped and upside-down! Where the best are trampled and mediocre are celebrated! 
In a 'sanner' climme he will develop to his best potentials and av all the fulfillments such brains deserve!
Everybody should not think like 'nigerian'

Congratulations boy.

then i guess he is far better than your generations combined.. Don't quote me again bcoz i wil ignore u.


This boy is a genius. He has something to offer the world,   but our society must create an enabling environment for him to excel.
Alongside the Bachelor degree that he'll be pursuing,   he should be given admission to study for Ph.D concurrently.
That way he can graduate with a doctorate,   alongside his first degree,   and go on to solve big problems.

A very good one!  he should not relent

Congratulation!
Nice performance from an ITSEKIRI boy from Delta state,   Nigeria.
Governor Okowa,   you need to give this boy a scholarship to the University.

Your confusion is confusing me! Seek God before death come knocking!

You spoke my mind sir.
Nigeria is a waste country where the thief rule us and the brillant ones are left to speak only big grammar without securing a mouth watery job e.g senate or governorship.

A brilliant performance.  

Before I say congratulations to people like this, the boy and the results have to be verified using VAR to show that he truely wrote the exams himself because this is Nigeria.

So the system should be broken because he is the first ever genius in the world abi,   no wonder Nigeria is extremely backward,   Kid should follow same road like every body,   the only difference should be provision of good environment to put his skills to good use. Not jumping grades just because he ace waec & jamb

You mean you graduated with first class and ...

This is the real brain we are talking about. Some of his mate are out there as young as they are shouting change behind fayemi and power behind fayose.

Nobody ask you to be an introvert that spends 70% of his day hiding in dimly lit room reading books. researching instead of keeping things moderate and mingle with people so you get that popularity to be a senator,   president or company boss. Nobody go come your room to vote for you or hire you

Dumb fools

Rubbish

Truth

Life will never give you what you deserve but what you demand. Ol' boy do what you enjoy doing not Papa and Mama say I must study Medicine!
You good to go boy.

. seems like cowardice has been running in your bloodline. At least Buhari is better than you when it comes to being a man.


RUN OUT OF THIS COUNTRY MY SON,   your brain is hot, if you remain here ull end up repairing phones and laptops at phone village,   after coming out with first class in engineering in your university.

I can donate my manhood to have this boy as my only child now... I am so sending my future kids to that school.

U have made Mum and Dad proud. 
congrats boy!

What he needs to have is a dream,   the vision to observe what his society lacks and the heart to pursue a solution. 
What he needs to get is focus,   wisdom,   determination and fortitude. All these are available in Nigeria where he made those grades and he can become anything in life there after.

This your advice is priceless and if it should have a price tag,   it's worth billions. Kudos

Genius! Better send him abroad. No university in Nigeria is qualified to handle him.
Honestly speaking.

Good boy,   keep the flag flying

my exact score that year to...
hope you're done with NYSC
Such acumen is a depository of creativity and it will be a disservice to his destiny to be a job seeker. With the tools he has all he needs is a dream and good mentorship to set him on his way. It is a pity that society is yet to explore such potentials. But this will change.

In advanced countries,   kids with very high IQ are given admission directly into doctoral study. But,   because you probably spent 100 years before you got our own doctorate,   or because your child is not as intelligent as this boy,   you must "block" him from attaining success fast.
You don't gain anything by "blocking" this young man. Allowing him to utilize his high IQ by studying at the doctoral level does not deprive you of anything and doing so is not a system breakdown. 
It's just a recognition that some people are more intelligent than others,   and people with very high IQ should be utilized where they''ll be useful the most. After,   doctoral inquiry is about solving problems. But you see it as "jumping grade." Of what value is being stuck in low grade,   when this boy's brains can handle advance concepts? 
Enough with your zoning and turn by turn mindset. Zoning discountenances merit but promote mediocrity,   laziness,   and rot. 
My message to this boy's parents is for them to look for ways to send their son to study outside Nigeria. Otherwise,   zoning,   tribalism,   and ethnic hate will kill their son's potentials. Havard University has a scholarship for high IQ kids like this boy. The parents should explore that,   otherwise advocates of "equal hardship,  " zoning and "wait for your turn" will kill this boy's potential.

You failed woefully in these your stupid advice 
Prayer works and our God answers prayers; also neither prayer warriors nor Pastors will doom the boy.
You need to repent and surrender your life to JESUS CHRIST before it is too late.

Totally agreed with you. He should take SAT and smash it and go straight to Stanford University or Yale. Stanford made me mad during my tour of the school in the mid 90"s. I didn't mind studying religion or even Igbo language there. As long as you are a graduate of Stanford university,   you will be respected.

I think this guy just wrote some sense. Oga/Madam,   i will like to know you

when richmen wards are busy running up and down from one miracle centre to the other...weldone boy!

I agree. But you know they comments below will never agree with this intelligent post

So much negativity in the comment section ,   Nigeria is a waste

You know the country is useless but want it to continue to exist.

Nice one. Congratulations to him and I wish him success in all his future endeavors. To the empty skulls saying he won't make it because he's too smart,   that is the portion of your own children. I was just like this and with coaching from my father I was able to balance my smarts with people skills and an active social life. My job is highly technical and very easy for me and I get paid quite a bit to use those smarts. Most days I'm home by 4.30pm and I only work from the office a few days a week. The other days I work from the comfort of my home. My intelligence opened all these doors for me to have comfort and flexibility. No matter how you slice and dice it you are better off intelligent than stupid.

 when did you get married?

bros you do well greater heights awaits

This young boy should convert is knowledge to something that will benefit the word when he his matured before Buhari part 2 will tag him as Lazy Youth in the nearest future

Was so shocked after reading your comments,   In all things and before any other thing,   God is to be referenced and praised ...#GOD FACTOR.....""THAT OTHER PEOPLE  AIN'T DOINg IT DO NOT MAKE IT TO BE WRONG AND VICE VERSA....ACCEPTS CHRIST B4 ETERNITY...Don't be restricted to your Thoughts and experience.......Chai! You just flawed your your advice

Exactly! It's all work and determination. If you are healthy and mentally sound,   you can achieve anything you put in unending work.

Send me your A/C number,  you deserve chill N500 kunu to refresh your active brain.

Well done boy. Your parents must be proud of you! I wish my children same outcome.

What a waste. He did not apply for Engineering.Probably one of those "I must do medicine" children. Intelligent students should opt for Engineering or it's related fields.That is where intelligence is truly tested and utilised. Medicine is good,   but any average student with a good reading habit will scale through or even make a couple of distinctions.

Bros,   can his parent afford it?? 

if he didn't score very high in jamb,   I would have said he did runs. 
This waec result that just came out,   a young stubborn boy that does not know simple indices had A1 in further mathematics and B2 in mathematics.Up till now,   I still  wonder.

Congrats,   we praise God for you. Government should place him on full scholarship,   mentor him and monitor his progress in life

You just offered poison to this boy. Your comment shows that you don't know God. But watch it before it's too late for you. Attacking the church,   pastors and even God Himself doesn't in any way make you wise or smart.

Best advice. I hope this boy have the opportunity to read this.
Congratulations boy,   to your success. Cheers!

You came into a world that is far bigger than you and you say prayer does not work. Smh. Just come out and look at the sky and streach your eyes through the surrounding horizon. Brother me,   prayer works. There is something bigger than you.

Mr man keep kwayet,   the boy NEVER go university sef for us to determine his competency on whatever it is himstudy,   you come here  do over sabi,   what prove do you have the boy can handle such acceleration,  
P.s I will never be jealous of any body in this world,   Never!!!!  because I believe whatever my achievements in this world there would always be some1 better than me some where just like am better than somebody somewhere

This performance is commendable,   hopefully he will get a scholarship to a foreign university preferably in the UK or Canada.

yes i am beginning to pay close attention to that school. A girl from that school was the best in waec,   neco a few years ago.

That's to tell you ,   you don't know nothing. They are jus dumping rubish theories into your heads.

When I wrote waec there were no questions on indices.

Indices is one of the simplest areas in mathematics. 
Someone that got A1 in further mathematics and B2 in mathematics should know the laws of indices in his sleep.
But this young boy doesn't.

Brilliant!

Congrats boy. Keep it up.

This one got me thinking ..... ``Side effects of not having a girlfriend still affects you till date``....explain more sir....

 I agree with you my brother. It's not easy at all for this country

I agree he should go for studies abroad. He should also endeavour to keep close friends with seniors in his field and in the industry and start now to prepare for life after graduation. His journey just started. congrats to him.

Nigerian university will ruin you..

Damn your right with the last sentence oooh,   but I want to tell you that there is a God evidently and he does answer prayers...

But is it a must to go ABROAD..

His State government Shud Gv Him Schoolarship To Harvard please.

Raw advice but the aspect of prayer,   it does work. You may say Nigerian pattern of prayer does not work. Our body is made of hardware and software,   the soft drives the hardware but the drivers are be controlled by prayer (program) and they feed on this energy. That same energy that was capable to form the universe.

Nigerian factor is responsible. Thus guy will end up not doing what he like,   he will be forced to go and study medicine or engineering. How can that succeed in this shiiithole,   he should just go abroad and disappear there never to return here.

Exactly!

wao! this is great!

thanks I'm very grateful!

wao! I love this!

what a great  information!

 mr distinct,   you are a great researcher,  you always seek information

 information is an asset in this age. I even ask questions to ask

 OK go ahead and ask your questions

 how can I stop wasting time on less productive job and focus on things that matter

 it is not too difficult if you are ready for the challenge

 are you the one that will take me through the challenge?

 yes I am now

 OK I'm ready

 I will get back to you when I have the time

 ok! no problem

 don't worry bro!

 OK!

 will you be on line tomorrow ?

 yes I will be online

 I will get back to you

 OK! I will be expecting your message!

 can we start now?

 yes now

 you need mindset reprogramming

 the first journey to financial freedom is mindset reprogramming

 what do you mean by mindset reprogramming?

 you Need to change your thinking,   about how money works that is what I meant

what a inspiring post

 thanks mr success for your comments

 I have questions to ask uprof

 go ahead and ask your questions

 how can I manage my time and be more productive?

 it is not difficult if you are ready

 I'm ready!

 you need to do time management training.

  I'm an accountant

. OK ask now

 why did you ask that

 go ahead and ask your questions

 how can I stop wasting my type on less productive

 what are the questions?

 how can I start working on productive activities and stop low value activities

 you need financial education to do that

 how can I acquire financial education

 you can acquire it if only you are ready for the task

 how can I go about it?

 we need to start with  personal finance book challenge

 how long will that take?

 2 weeks

 what is the name of the book?

 rich dad poor dad

 who is the author?

 where can I. get the book?

 you could buy from bookshop or download online

 I will prefer that online

 do you know where you can get it online?

 I don't know. can you help me out?

To avoid poverty,   you need to earn good money.  High wages in prestigious companies. To work there you need to have the appropriate education and knowledge. 
Without knowledge and education it is difficult now.  It is also important to know several foreign languages. I was educated as an accountant. Now I'm trying to get a job in an international company. They have a prerequisite for this knowledge of English and French. I found a tutor at  Upskillstutor and am now studying languages. I want to have affluence and a good job.

Well done! Marketer

 do you know where  can get it?

 you will find it on PDFdrive

 OK! I will let you know when I finished downloading

 no problem!

 I'm done with the downloading! I will start as soon as possible!

 good! I love that

 I have just covered 40% of the book

 good start!,   I love that

 thanks for your encouragement

 you are always welcome!

 good! I love that!

 thanks for your motivation!

 you are always welcome!

 that's good! I love your tenacity! Just make sure you read between the lines

 thanks for your advice! I pay attention to details

Great

 thanks boss!

 I can't wait to finish the book it is very interesting

 I love your tenacity

 thanks prof

 you are always welcome!

 85%complete. good experience so far

 I love your tenacity

 thanks prof! for taking your time

 you are always welcome

 almost done 95%complete

 I respect your tenacity good job

good content! keep it up

 thanks bro!

 I need some clarification on this please

 OK! What  is your clarification?

 how can a person stop wasting his time on less value task and make more money on high value task like you said?

 when you are financially intelligent you will be able to do that

 how can a person be financially intelligent

 when you financially educated

 can you put me through the course! even though I don't have money  to pay you. but I suggest it is free

 ! Can you so the hard part of the learning process?

 how can I be financially educated!

 when you acquire what is called true financial education. Education that is not taught by fake people

 marketer!

 you are very funny! who are the fake people?

 fake teachers don't practice what they preach?

 Do you practice what you preach?

 yes I do! I don't have job,   I'm an entrepreneur

 OK! come and teach me how to become an entrepreneur like you?

 it is not  a magic! It is a process that start from mindset to skill set

 OK! let start any how you want,  I'm ready

 we are going to start with mindset reprogramming using personal finance book challenge

 how long will it take to finish

 well done marketer

 what is the authors name?

 OK! where can I download the book?

 it is available on PDFdrive

 yea when you are done with the download! I will let you know

 I'm done bro!  I'm going to start as early as possible

 that's great!


good start! Just make sure your are reading between the lines

 thanks prof

 you are welcome

 i have just covered 45% of the book?

 that's great,   just read between the line!

 thanks bro!

 you are always welcome!

 moving forward! 46% into the book

 I  love that great move!

 thanks for your attention

 its always my pleasure

 moving forward 55%

 that's great just make sure you are paying attention to details

 I'm doing that bro!

 OK go ahead and ask your questions

 I hope you get that

 I'm doing that  bro!

Thanks for your insight for your fantastic posting.

well done marketer

I wish the book should be read in our schools and colleges

Thanks for your insight.
 well done mr marketer!

not in this country

 why did you say that

 they want the dependent population of poor people

 really

 exactly

 only God can safe us

 we  have to protect ourselves with good financial education

 sure! that I why I'm am the only active person following you. and I must thank you for replying to my message

yes! Its a matter of time other people will join the conversation

 true

 let's keep on learning!

 more power to your elbow

 thanks

 moving a little bit forward 60%

 I hope you are reading between the lines

 yes I'm doing that

 that's good keep doing that

 thanks for your support

 a very big thanks

 its my pleasure

 65% moving forward. the experience has been great

 I love that,  keep on learning

 thanks prof

 its my pleasure

I love this

 thanks for your commendation

 its my pleasure

 I welcome you to this thread

 thanks! I have questions for you.

 OK! Go ahead

 I have wasted time doing things that brings me small money

 OK! You want to make a paradigm shift

 yes!

 can I provide answer to your question from my own personal experience