Any southerner who thinks this insecurity matter is a northerner problem alone is deceiving himself.
These people are with us in the south under the guise of herdsmen.
May we never be unfortunate o

When the rabid dog does not find it's usual diet, it will attack it's owner.

Bastards and fools, God go punish the politicians that brought bokoharam to this nation,  along with their supporters.

These are signs of a failed state when government can't provide security for the people.Security of lives & property is government first priority.

Believe it or not karma is in full force in north
Earlier they atone for innocent people they murdered  out of hatred or religion 
They won't posses Peace
They won't blame igbos as they always do since 1889
Don't expect love from me down here
You all are accomplice when you failed to speak up against crime on humanity because of religion and tribe
My story, still remain, Nigeria can't have peace if they don't go back to negotiating table 
!!Divide for peace !!

Hope they verified this news with lai Mohammed to avoid sanctioning. 
Have said my own.
Say yours.

Lai Mohammed will soon accuse UN of inflating the figure from 43

The only safe part of the country is Den of the kidnappers, detention of the bandits, armoury/cells of BH and politicians' vault

Its safe to say, the republic may soon be declared a failed state if it continues in this direction. A pity to the lives lost.

They brought death to themselves

Nigeria is a failed state..

UN just underestimating deaths as usual, if they have the guts let them intervene in Nigeria's matter because things are getting out of hands.

Be very careful about the type of questions you ask,
A lot of Northerners were asking where the Lekki bodies are, mocking people up and down, 
Well here are over 100 bodies, what are you planning to do with them ?
You can tell most Northerners don't care, their heart has been hardened, like Pharaoh, they are on a charted course of self destruction, just like the biblical story, they are more focused on the destruction of 'isreal',

May God console the families of the dead

Nobody was killed.
That is one of the most peaceful states in Nigeria.

Amen

Lier mahammad will sanctions UN for reviewing the truth !

Look at this hypocritical animal asking GEJ  to resign, yet he is stuck in power under worst insecurity.
Very useless President

I SEE APC COLLAPSING, I SEE TWO NEW PARTIES BEING FORMED, I SEE BETRAYALS! DESPERATIONS!

I'm moving to Syria or even Afghanistan. They are safer than Nigeria by far. 

Northerners, how market?  This is how they'll keep slaughtering you lot until you borrow sense and end tribalism and bigotry. 
A brainless aboki is the president of Nigeria yet his own house (The North) is on fire!  
You cannot hold your leaders accountable because of religious and ethic sentiments. Retards! Our dear Northerners, your thirst for power will be the end of you 

Lai Mohamed will sue United Nations for fake news

If it can serve 24/7 I'll gladly pay

Talk is cheap. Useless country. Useless government.

Even at this stage Nigeria is still talking about light since 1999. Haba which way Politicians which way....

Like we care!!!

You cannot provide ordinary light you want to bill people for solar power. Did you create the sun?

even NEPA doesn't serve 5hrs and you think solar will?

let's chase them out

Trash government

That clueless cow and his gang of thieves will not die good death

They are just waking up after how many years? Nigeria is a country situated directly under the scorching sun, in the middle of the equator, yet suffering from epileptic power supply!!
Even in Europe with limited supply of sunlight and sufficiency in energy needs, their governments have been sponsoring solar system for homes because it's cheaper. But in a country with abysmal power supply and excess sunlight, the government couldn't do same. 
Useless country!!!

the worst ever

Useless government. People look for ways to survive by providing everything for themselves and this government who have come to steal, kill destroy will come up with a policy to continue to milk what they cannot provide.
That is Joe Fashola wanted to start charging for generators.
Borehole nko they look for ways to gain from it with that useless water bill, now its to pay for solar energy as if they provided the sun.
We will soon start paying for the air we breath.
The cow and his cohorts cannot surprise me again.

I weak.

It seems you know very little about solar and its capabilities.

They are not "billing"for solar power. Read again. The 4k per month appears to be instalment payment towards households permanently owning a  #5million solar power system.
It is a good and commendable plan if corruption  does not compromise it because a 5 million solar system should be quite powerful enough to deal with all the electricity needs of a household minus AC. It is  clean and fuel-free energy also

you don't understand me bro. Harnessing solar energy and hydro energy which is more expensive?

You think you will get it?
You should be worried who will get it.
How many Buhari programs have you benefitted? Just asking.
Let them tell us where they will install it and the criteria for someone to get it.

not just 24 hours but the question should be, can it carry heavy load, like air-conditioners, refrigerators, pressing iron, electric cooker and the rest.

me I care o, you hear.

It is for rural areas. Most villages do not have  cooker, air conditioni etc it's just bulb and phone charging

I know it's for rural areas, but when they have lights now they will start buying those things and by the way where will they have money to be paying 4k every month.

It's not a bad move.
However, the repayment cost is too high especially since it seems designed to serve those in rural areas where, more often than not, the very poor people stay.
If repayment should be reduced to #2000 or the repayment period spread over a longer duration so the repayment costs will be less...

Yes but how do we key in?

I weep for my North East, where did we go wrong here that 43 people's were massacred in day? What is Buharri government doing for God sake every day we would be hearing bombing of camp this camp that,Burittai and Buharri God must surely judge you for loose of innocent Farmers life. Buharri government is  worst so far in history of our country and the entire North because no Northerners has this bad luck,.

The redundant coupist and his useless service chiefs are all shades of fiasco!
Nigeria is in dire need of a sane and responsible leader!

Buhari is more concerned about building Niger Republic than building Nigeria. The plan is, wipe all the indigenous (Kanuri and Hausa) people of the North, then replace them with Fulanis from Niger Republic. Why on earth is Buhari building railway from Kano to Niger, why on earth is Buhari building refinery in Niger Republic and he careless of what happens in Nigeria. The national Assemblies should look into this issues before it will be too late for all of us.

please can we stop spreading fake news ...@yenefer come ooo...see wailers  are discrediting buhari government..
please help report the emir of sokoto and tgat of kaduna ...this guys were the first to discredit this government

Why you dey twist my words. I didn't mean it like that  

Yes ooo!, it is so hard. They are coming for all of us one by one! wake up

ok I get 

This news has not been verified by the Nigerian government. Do disregard it. Boko Haram has been technically defeated. It must be the work of bandits. This is why the noble Nigerian government should regulate social media access.

Seems there's big sense in what you just said.

God save our land

What's up? 

They showed this on Al-Jazeera and said 85 people been confirmed killed and many women abducted. Many of the farmers were invited in from sokoto and elsewhere to help with harvest. The whole of Nigeria is no-man's land in terms of security.
See the fools in the photos - if it had happened under GEJ - they would be vibrating and screaming marginalisation. Their Oga is in charge, what do you hear ...silence. 
Where are the Arewa folk too who say Southerners never say anything when events happen in the North. We are here now, where are you?

Northerners are the biggest joke on earth.

The worst is that many of these victims are bokoharam sympathisers because of their blood shocking religion.

The real Arewa cannot make this comment. NEVER! The zombeism is unequaled. 
This must be a cloned moniker
Anyways the killing is fake news targeted at tarnishing the image of our dear president.

I feel for you sis. That's how these stupid politicians have reduced the country to. By the way, did you say same about Lekki? Or don't you think someone was also affected in that saga?

Femi, who do you like this? What's your slave master doing about this gory state of the nation? If it's not fake news to them, is it not enough reason for federal government to act fast? Well everything against Buhari is fake news to you guys. who's even talking about Lekki in the first place? Just continue.

May their souls rest in peace. The North is bleeding. The same way we promoted #endsars, it's time to promote #Endbloodbath in the North. An injury to one is an injury to all if not it will become a circus. THE GOVERNOR SHOULD RECRUIT MORE CIVILIAN JTF, THEN BUY MORE FOREIGN MACENARY FIGHTERS, HE CAN CALL SOME NORTHERN POLITICIANS TO FUND HIM OR INTERNATIONAL DONORS. THE NA HAS FAILED SO LET THEM SPEND MORE ON FOREIGN MERCENARIES WITH BETTER EQUIPMENT AND LESS PRONE TO MOLES WITHIN.

You have a big heart  to your prayer I say Amen.

Stop pleading with foools. Let them enjoy what they want please. 
They will still turn around to blame you guys in the end. Don't you learn? You are an infidel to them and will always be, according to their religion. It will never change that hate. They prefer a Niger muslim person to you a christian from the south, or don't you know?
His own kith and kin were killed, maybe his father too was among, hence the sudden outburst. Give him 2 weeks, he'll resume insulting you again.
United Nations and FAKE NEWS  

Why are you telling me all this, I am not Buhari neither am I Zulum. Channel this to the appropriate quarters.

He has condemned it already

I agree with you, that Zulum Governor works for CNN and he will be sanctioned.
Nobody died, Boko Haram is the name of the Opposition, PDP
Case Closed.
Fear north, warns the Bible. lord lugard did me much evil

But the North was against #EndSARS, they said it was a plot to remove their Godfather from office!
When they develop the liver to speak the truth to themselves and stop being fanatical about religion and ethnicity, they should speak out and hashtag it,  Nigerians from other regions will  join them.

One idiot will tell us BH has been defeated.
APC and their propaganda.

What's with the kissing smiley though, hope there's no problem? 

It's clearly obvious that Buhari is useless and there is no point of him remaining in office, if he cannot handle the security situation in the north.At the rate people are being kill,i don't think he know the meaning of leadership.

Just like 98% of IPOB and OPC are Igbos and Yorubas respectively...97% of Boko haram are Kanuris.... and Kanuris in the Nigeria have close blood relatives in Chad, Cameroon and Niger hence why they can freely operate in the north eastern Nigeria without fear of being "snitched" on. 
The Huasas and other ethnic groups in North west can't tolerate them and thereby can't operate freely there.
However, Fulani bandits can be tolerated in north west because most of their people are there.
Terrorism, corruption, kidnapping and even armed robbery may not go away soon so far we have entrenched nepotism in our system. 
Nepotism breeds injustice. Injustice breads the aforementioned crimes.
Only a detribilized president with a massive sences of justice can save Nigeria.

What is their offence? Or is their offence being a Kanuri, or a Nigerian, or . . . Human nature!
My condolences to their family and loved ones.

I believe you know Caliph Abubakar Shekau is a Kanuri man ...I don't know if to farm is now Haram.. God save the people of this country from its many enemies especially the ones within..

If it's to fight Ipob now they will be very articulated and smart and swift about it..Always remember a father that hides his criminal son will have no choice but to confess the day the sun sets on his household.

So sad and really terribly sad. May their Souls Rest In Perfect Peace.
The death of one diminishes the existence of the others. They don't deserve this death too many and on a regular basis. 
Since military and government can't do anything about this everyday killing of innocent people in large droves, I think it's high time we contract the job out to foreign securities, let's engage Chadians and Nigeirians army. They did the work before and am sure willing to do it again if invited.
Nigeria Army has proved over the time that they are toothless bill dogs and got no liver. They are coward and highly fatigue and lack luster and initiatives to fight the BH.  The security chiefs are all politicians and would rather interfere in political matters than concentrating and thinking of a better way to end the insurgency. They are massively corrupts and never had the determination to defeat BH.
As per the government, the presidency. We don't have a President. We have been without president since 2010/11 after Yaradua died. Nigeria is being led on faulty auto pilot system ever since.
How does Buhari and his corrupts security chiefs sleeps, how do they feel...are they human being at all? Seeing this deaths makes my face cringes in bewilderment. Every time is always the same reaction from the useless president, he said he's sorry and condemned it. What's the meaning of that ? Always sorry and condemning without taking the bull by the horn and declare an emergency rule in that part of the country and turn it to a military garrison so that the soldiers can wake up to their responsibilities instead of looking for people to kill here in the south.  Military have a more serious thing to deal with than the stupid show off they are doing in Lagos panel nonsense. Let them go and face BH and shoots blanks or whatever at them instead of parading like idiots in the south.....we need the damn military in the north even though we know they are cowards and uselsss just like Buhari and his cabinets of thieves.
Killing every week in that part of Nigeria is as guarantee as me being sure of seeing a yellow taxis in Lagos metropolis everyday.
So sad, and am extremely sad....no one deserve to die like this.....not in the north and not in the south...death too many.....Unending shedding of bloods in the land is erroding our humanity little by little...... 

in my country human life has no value.
We are living far far below our potential... Our major problem are the youths who are not ready to unite and speak in one voice.
Majority of our youths are now online tribal bigots. 
We still have a very long way to go
anyway It's a faceless forum sha continue making senseless assertions. Your data , your life

Sure, my whole family are one among the few northerners that understand and believe all about ENDSARS protest, to me it isn't only about SARS but about bad leadership and failures we witnessed and are witnessing.  By the way, do you think northerners are benefiting anything from this government ? I will tell you know, those in support of this government are just bigots and been tribalistic no matter how let their kingsman rule. Thats it

If that's the case let us all speak out. My grouse is that, even our kinsmen think along political, tribal and religious lines when issues like this is raised. Thay think we hate Buhari or APC. But, it's beyond APC or PDP. It's about the wicked and corrupt leaders. 
May we and our household be protected from this carnage. Very soon, they will all know whats up... We will make sure we fish them out and slit their own throat too...then they will know how it feels.

Nigeria is in for EIGHT LOCUST years of Moving FAST in REVERSE.
Just like Covid-19, we will never forget the years 2015-2023, when Nigerians made the costliest MISTAKE of their existence.

Tokunbo Landlord, can you swear you didn't campaign for this failed government? 
Permanent Bastard. You are very useless and stupid

Young man you have got papers not education. I maintain the fact that you a fool

How do we apply?

You mean a N5m worth of solar installation can not run household's ACs?

There are some Nigerians who are not connected to the National grid as such, federal government is ready to come to their aid by giving them an alternative means to electricity supply; solar energy. This will create jobs and upgrade the livelihood of some people. This token to be paid monthly is to maintain the panel.

What about other Governments giving it out for free? Or you're not paying tax again?

The interesting part of the story are, accessibility to regular power supply and creation of employment opportunities

Another great opportunity is here again, Access to Energy power solar system and the laudable achievement of Buhari/Osinbajo administration

Really. That's nice.  Meanwhile I will do your Ngos CAC Newspaper Publication, Name Change , Iron Seal,  Limited Company Registration, IT e.tc. Check my signature for my contact and great reviews  thanks.

Nigeria is synonymous to retrogression 
Failed cursed useless country.

It's quite reasonable.
Alot of Nigerians already own mtn solar and have been paying for years yet don't own it.

How does one apply to own it?

Shut up. 
That was  how your likes poopooed on Npower until we started seeing your threads on "who has received his alert for this month?"

This people just dish out statistics to appease and deceive their ever gullible and chronic zombies.
Nigeria is finished. 
Take it or leave it.

Why should they give it out for free?

Solar power that can carry only light bulbs and tv?  ...this country is a joke

Comic relief

God bless Muhammadu Buhari

Sounds like another audio promise, I really don't expect much from this administration anymore.

5 million for power that can not power AC? How is that good?

we give Togo and Chad electricity and even planning to supply Electricity to Niger. now you want to give us Solar.

That 5 million at 4000 a month is very suspect, it would take 83 years to pay everything.
I also use solar power but anyone with a solar powered home knows that is is useless and will constantly go off without an inverter and batteries. Even at that a brand new solar powered system will struggle to run even a refrigerator or microwave.

4k per month to power two LED bulb, one fan and Bluetooth radio
Get out of here.

Whatever that comes out of their mouth is nothing but lies! Who ever that type yes is a welcome development or say if it will last for 24hours you re okey with it. Are you not tired of being deceive? Where did you keep your brain? The Yoruba control the media and what ever the supporter of APC(Fulani) told them to do, that is what they will show us on social media so that it will look like a welcome development. All re mirage! It can never be done! They are full of lies! Are you not asking yourself why they did not even give you common food during the covid19 lock down and you still want to believe them. Ha! I fear Nigeria Youth at times God!

 ....did you create the panel?

So what's the essence of 4,000 a month without AC and refrigerator. That's a rip off

The technical specifications of various capacities should be displayed so that Nigerians will know what they are paying for, and not be shortchanged with a low quality solar package / system for such huge amount of money.

oga no dey take nigeria compare europe ,before you put a solar panels  that can carry your fridge, tv, iron ,the type of solar  light they re talking about here is the type that will powers one electric  bulb not they type European  countries  are using,we can't manage  their type

Hydro would be cheaper in general for the first 10 years in any working country where the people in charge would not be as corrupt or as useless as our civil servants and political leaders.
However solar technology at the moment is far cheaper than it ever use to be and far more control on generation is given to the end users which means accountability.... if this is implemented like the way the article indicates it will be it will be a game changer that will allow other Nigerians to know 24hr light is very achievable without waiting for useless leaders to their jobs. 
Just look at all they have stolen from our non-working refineries.

If you type anything that concern APC or Fulani, Nairaland will not post it. It will even change it to another thing entirely.

Solar power won't work at night or during cloud cover in the rainy season and fog of Harmattan so it's not even going to deliver 24/7 electricity. A combination of wind and solar with inverters is the way to go.

Useless government, believe this at your own peril. Another scheme to loot public funds. A government that could not release indomie for citizens will give solar power.  
 
 
 Useless government!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

You better migrate to neighboring west African countries like Togo, Ghana if you want to have access to 247 uninterrupted power supply, it is not far from home.
You think Nigerian government does not know such initiative in other to improve on stable electricity over the years? Why bringing such initiatives now knowing that it is only a scam. 
Believe the 419 scam at your own peril

I don't need to read all through to know that IT WILL FAIL. EXTREME INCOMPETENCY IS HIV TO INNOVATION.

A village man will pay 4000 naira every month for 3 years
use your tongue to count your teeth

This mentality is what is killing you people.
You want everything for free without doing anything.
Go to America that you all want to be like, and tell me if electricity is free there.
Nonsense. 

Thanks very much for this. 
Until Nigerian government can achieve stable power. 
Anyone who has more than enough to spend should just get the 3 sources. 
I prefer my solar mostly at night if there is no government power so I can hear any noise around. 
Blue power is a no no for nights.

What happened to electricity? I thought fashola said a good government should get it ready within 6 months?

It will make much sense if they do it.

Do you live in the village?

WE ARE WATCHING AS OUR MONEY TRAVELS UNDER FAKE GOVERNMENT SCHEME

Battery replacement be the issue , after 3 months battery will go flat , you need about 500k to replace

Just like mtn lumous

U said it all. Bunch of useless people. 
just imagine that self deceit they are doing in the name of say them day manufacture automobiles for Kano. I give you 9 years, as them use do Peugeot for Kaduna, na so them go use do am 
even worse, this nonsense one they proposed will end likewise. People way no go school, i wonder what they want to say they know.

Nice Idea, these guys seems to be waking up from their slumber. We @SolarDuke Electrical will be glad to partner with federal government to realize this.

That article is an eye opener to anyone seeking to waste your money on solar energy..
It seems the solar energy technology isn't advanced in our part of the world because there are electric cars with batteries that can run more than a mile with out running out of battery charge. 
Why can't such innovation be replicated in solar energy efficiency.

I have disowned this government for a very long time. All theses agenda nah scam.

Good one 
We build affordable solar system that works 15hours in a day 
15hours Powerbank for rechargeable fan now in stock

my brother honestly the thing suppose Shame Nigeria... electricity generation is not rocket science na.. Nigeria is just a huge joke of a country, we are still talking about providing 24hours power in the country, when other countries have moved forward..

Is it the duration you are concerned about, what about the load capacity?

I have been on solar provided by mtn Lumos for over 4months, NEPA just came to disconnect my light, me self don't dutch them, I pay 7300 every month and my light is 247, 4k, I all gladly join

This doesn't make sense. Why give individuals solar systems that cost 5million each in which the will pay 4k monthly and for just 25million which am pretty sure most will go to middle belt to up north. 
While not have regional or better still have state solar stations that will power their constituencies. There are more than enough land that will house it. Lagos to Ibadan express way will power almost half of lagos, Ibadan and Ogun. That way, there is less burden on national grid and with the support of the solar stations, if not all, most homes will have light which is more than 25million

You must be very foolish
What have they been doing with all the taxes they've been collecting since 1960 that they can't provide ordinary power.
I'm sure you just want to show the world your stupidity, if not no right thinking person would support this trash you posted.

You must be very stupid to have typed this. There definitely is a timeline for this project to kick start and elapse. Then if it turned out to be a "white elephant project" then you can spew trash but not before.

Let them convert the power bills Nigerians pay for every single month even when they don't get the power. 
They can use that money and supply billions of panels and inverters and enough change would remain.
I no blame you sha, na sense you no get.

It's a brilliant idea but you are missing two important issues. 
Will the solar panel and battery be manufactured in Nigeria?  How will Nigeria manage the N4000 month payment from the recipient of the loan?
I have always suggested that Nigeria installed electricity capacity  of  13,000 MW should be dedicated to industry and establishment and the public should be moved onto solar energy

 So how old are you now that, you want to pay #4,000 per month installment for the next 104 years before you can be a true owner of the so called solar system? Sometimes we should be very fast in thinking though!

And APC zombies claimed this fool had a magic wand to upgrade nepa to give light 247. They said if we want steady power supply we should vote out PDP. Funny enough the slowpoke who made that statement is the currently in charge of power and we are seeing  how they are giving us the light. They want to use this to buy time. What of the prepaid meter? 
USELESS COUNTRY WITH USELESS MASSES BEING LED BY USELESS LEADERS

 what re the loads the mtn lumous can carry for 7300 per month

Everything ends in the media. Failed State!

I wish this will be an effective power plan.

Go to JUMIA and purchase what you are describing for less than 20,000 naira. Stop supporting thieves.

Good.

You are crazy.
How much taxes have you been paying since 1960?
You want to go heaven but you no wan die.

how much you do you think will power Tinubu's or otedola's house with solar energy? but they are still using mikano gen, if solar energy that will power someone's flat  with everything  inside flat is sold 150k millions of people will be using it in nigeria and forget nepa,20k solar energy  in jumia ? For charging phones?

If you have 5 million cash you can get a solar system to power fridge 24hrs and AC during the day.
There are latest solar inverters which can power you appliances without battery, but you need battery for night time loads and also when that is a cloud cover briefly over the sun. It sells for 180k and above depending of capacity.

Another lie to give us hope

He's not as stupid as your useless, bastard, diseased father who was soo stupid he bleeped your prostitute mum without a condom. The useless man would have spared world an idiot and worthless fellow like you. Cursed fellow from a cursed stupid family. 

Lies from the pit of hell all lies

Failed government of empty promises!
all motion, no movement!

Total ownership of the equipments after paying 4000 naira monthly for 3 years.Not a bad project if implimented without the usual nija bureaucracy and corruption.

Aboki. You are ignored forever.

Do you have air conditioner in your house? Stop talking trash here.

person will be paying #4000 monthly for 3 years, why? na you create sun or what? how much is the solar panel that anyone should pay that amount... please person should calculate it for me

How do you recover 5 million by collecting 4,000 monthly in three years? That would amount to less than 150,000. Not feasible. Unless it's clarified, the 4,000 monthly payment seems to be for use of the sun  

This is commendable and should put the sleeping fossil fuel based gencos and discos on their toes.

These are questions Nigerians shud ask,some houses abroad are run on solar, you can't only depend on hydro electric power .to produse the necessary grid,if private people provide high power solar panel,they can register thru government to supply every house who can pay.The question now is,is it 4k per house hold or per building .instead of people to rubbish any proposal by government, they shud ask meaningfull question.some people don't ever wish anything good for this country, they are always condemning everything.
The technical specifications of various capacities should be displayed so that Nigerians will know what they are paying for, and not be shortchanged with a low quality solar package / system for such huge amount of money

.
Its more like a scam.. Low grade solar panels that will probably only power a globe or florescent..



LOOK ENOUGH OF ALL THE SWEET TALK JUST AWARD THE CONTRACT AND POCKET THE MONEY LIKE YOU USUALLY DO........WHICH ONE IS 25M HOUSEHOLDS IN RURAL COMMUNITIES?? LIKE SERIOUSLY HOW DUMB DO YOU THINK WE ARE HOW ABOUT SERVICING AND MANTANANCE OF THE SOLAR PANELS WHO HANDLES THAT? YOU HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO PROVIDE BOREHOLE WATER TO THESE COMMUNITIES ITS NOW A SOLAR POWERED AND TECHNOLOGICALLY ANDVANCED PROJECT YOU WANT TO DELIVER? SEE ENOUGH OF ALL THIS JUST LOOT THE MONEY DONT WORRY NIGERIANS WOULD NOT COMPLAING THERES NO NEED TALKING ABOUT SOLAR TO JUSTIFY YOUR ACTIONS

Opinion or fact?
Solar is expensive and not scalable.

Mediocrity. Do you need government for solar electricity? They still want to control where we have passed them. 
 
You guys eh!

Just say you want to join the government in stealing Niger Delta oil money! How much tax have you paid? Did you pay to the federal government or Lagos state government? 
If you all take things for free how would infrastructure spread round? 
People like you are part of Nigeria's problem.  You are the reason issues like subsidy and  privatisation have remained unresolved in the last 2 decades.

Solar is far cheaper.
Solar just operates like your phone battery and is constantly charged by the sun.

I don't know what you mean by expensive and not scalable. 
I have been using solar system exclusively in my office for over two years now. I also use it alongside PHCN at home. Having used generators for years before switching to solar, I can tell you that solar system is far cheaper than using generator. With the increase in fuel and power tariff, it becomes even far better now. 
Nigerians will only consider the hundreds of thousands or a couple of millions they spend on solar system as expensive but they forget they will recover it over the years. 
Anyone who has the means in Nigeria and still not using solar system is not smart all.

when are they starting this business?

Something that private businesses should do?

Yoruba the most intelligent people in Nigeria

Nigeria to the world, it doesn't matter where it is been achieved, what matter, Nigeria to the world.

Nah, he won't get anything.

So? Is That Suppose To Make Us Like Him? It doesn't Change The Fact That He Is A Level 10 simp who Worships vagina people

Nice

Nice development! Yoruba amaka!

shut the fuck up

Nice one

These numerous 'technocrats' you say wouldn't fancy coming to Nigeria where there wealth of knowledge and experience would be subjected to the approval of an ssce certificate holder.

Why crying?

Good for him.

Congratulations Wale!
The Democrats have a dark past but they seem to have learnt from it. They now are more inclusive and accommodating of other races than any other party in the US. 
The white supremacist and nationalist undertone by the Republican party and Trump was their biggest downfall. There's no space in the world for tribalists, both in the local or global scale(so called nationalists).
We are one in humanity. The earth belongs to everybody. No one brought a skin colour or land from heaven.

Beautiful

The People's president. 
People waiting till 20th January 2021 won't like this.

Does that one make them to stop Bokko and expose the gluttons in ASO, this people have no interest of this nation.

Now I think Trump should pack his bags since we are part of the Government now.
Biden has no won the election 

endeavour to kick prejudice and tribalism out of your life Your hatred for any tribe doesn't stop their progressYou're simply wasting your time Channel your energy on something more productive 

dear incoming President Biden, with all due respect, you appointed the wrong person, we Nigerians referred Tinubu, aka jagaban, he is very efficient, prudent, and honest in handling community treasury.
so Mr Biden on behave of all well meaning Nigerians we beg you to make the proper correction.

Ipobians will not like this

Keep quiet.
Are you that daft?

Cool.

Hmmmm.... Nothing new, but a great achievement to the Nigerian... Hope he serves to the best of his ability...

Treasury on fire!
Sign of the End Time.
The beginning of the fall of the Western Kingdom.
Biden and his son collected kickbacks worth 2billion dollars from China when he was VP. 
Obama collected Nigeria dirty money from Bubu for Hillary presidential campaign.


In Oshiomole's voice "go and die".

You sound senile to be honest. Trump spent all his time degrading you and blacks in general. Well, you definitely don't know better.

Oya TRUMP supporters come and see ooo!

I can see your stupidity from afar.

stop tribal bigotry, yet you are slaves to illiterate aboki, do you have anybody like okonjo iweala, stupid person

How has the ones we invited home before fared? Please, let the innocent brilliant man dey hin dey.

It's people like you who might commit suicide once Biden is elected. 
Stop being delusional and stop carrying this election on your head like your entire life depends on it.

You should Shut the fuccck up!  
Na Seun I blame for allowing you ingrates a free reign on this site

Your okinjo iweala that politicians were pushing around and ended up borrowing money to pay federal government workers salaries in times of highest oil prices?  
If I slap you, they will hear in Aba!!

Yorubas always making Nigeria proud since 1960...

If he comes home, the mould at home will stain his white linen.

You have started again... Just say "yoruba amaka " and move on 
When do we ever get to hear Hausa Fulani man appointed overseas as a technocrat
It's always Igbo, Yoruba and a couple of Niger Deltans
Why?

YES WE ARE PROUD AND INTELLIGENT BUT DON'T TELL US. WE DIDN'T ASK YOU.  
You useless Fulani mongrel paid agents think you can be coming on here to be jamming Igbo and Yoruba heads together everytime abi?
Like we are that stupid to you

Nice one! Humanity should be put first before Any other thing. 
God knows why he joined us together on Earth. If he didn't want This, some would have been in Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus......... Humanity first!

...Biden just deceiving himself.

He went to UC Berkeley and Yale University. Prospective Nigerian migrants should take note.

Biden does not need you to like him.
Many Nigerians like him I like him supported him and happy he won.
You don't know what facts are in regards to this so sit down somewhere and observe.

Weldone Mr president elect 

Receive sense.

table shaker

Please there is nothing concerned Yoruba with Amaka.
Amaka won't just disappoint, she will make you confused as well

And how does that transcend in our lives?. Majority of our race are living in abject poverty, while the so called Yoruba leaders live large with fat cheek. We are intelligent, yet we don't love ourselves, hence our lives. We need a common front to actualize our purpose in a complex and acrimonious marriage called nigeria, hence the circle continues. #yorubaronu

Hehehe intelligent indeed

usa is destroyed. scammers has taken over

You are the one deceiving yourself 

This guy's profile has been growing over the years. I took note when he was made the head of The Obama Foundation. 38 years old or so.

Trash.

Wait and see how electoral college will vote in favour of trumph.

NO DOUBT THAT YORUBAS ARE INTELLIGENT BUT YOUR STATEMENT IS (DIVIDE AND RULE) BASED STATEMENT. MY CURRENT JOB ON NAIRALAND IS TO LET MY FELLOW SOUTHERNERS UNDERSTAND HOW THE NORTHERNERS ARE MANIPULATING WE THE SO CALLED 
EDUCATED SOUTHERNERS 

U never giveup? sorry

  Biden has won.
The democrats have already selected democrats as electors in states Biden won to vote him in the electoral college on December 14th and outgoing vice president will read it out loud and confirm the victory of Joseph R.Biden and Kamala D.Harris as president and vice president of the United states of America.The democrats have already selected electors in the 25+plus DC and NE2 won by Biden.The democratic electors will not vote Trump so Biden will cross 270.

Nice appointment.

Dear God, in my next life, I want to be a Yoruba.

CNN presented a hypothetical path that could lead to a Trump victory. It is just a theory and nothing else. Biden has been elected president and he will take over on 20th January, 2021. Stop deluding yourself about the possibility of Donald Trump winning the election. He lost woefully already.

Is better the idiot concede now or be disgrace later please dont quote me.
IT WONT CHANGE ANYTHING HERE PLEASE

you want to start your own?

Imagine such complements coming from from an illiterate snake.

Biden is not an idiot Trump is 
  go and tell Trump to concede now because the next attorney general will not pardon Trump and his enablers 

I see what you did there. 

Talking from which statistics?

Congrat brother! Why is it we can't hear fulani man being appointed to any position in other country of the world?

Undertone? 
Trump appointed an open racist and white supremacist into the Whitehouse. They didn't even try to hide it.

I was going to say this, but since you said it already, she can take another fk

Why Northerners no de ever achieve this kind feat in Western countries? Nigeria no be meritorious society?

 you are just having high blood pressure on top of this matter.

 too much ignorance is worrying you.

your CNN projected it now.

Stop hating

this man will become a DIRTY politician!

Good

the moniker no abuse you but you didn't take any chance to throw insult because he/she is a Fulani.
the first 2 lines of your comment is sensible but the rest are pure thrash manufactured out of pure hatred . because I didn't see anything in that comment that warrant the trash you vomited.
every tribe on nairaland is guilty of over emphasising petty things to appear superior to others.
I doubt your Yorubaness sef there are other things I noticed. you shouldn't be impersonating to prove point.

All these are just nonsense, those people have little to zero connection with the leadership back home, this a shame for Nigeria and its leadership.
A country where the best brains are being shipped out of the country, like on a rescue mission and put to good use in other country doesn't look like it is going to progress any time soon. 
It just shows that the caliber of people leading us are actually daft!
They are employing foreign hands to build their nation, can the people celebrating the tell me about slavery again?
Africa is just full of low IQ people

That's nice. I wish Trumps appointments were diversified like this.

You are probably uninformed do you know of Umar Farouk?

I swear you are not Yoruba. Real Yoruba don't brag

I know right but a childish girl like you can never fall in that category. You'll keep kicking the ass of APC. Only a stupid and useless person will keep lying that this government is working. Grow up Yenefer

Nigerians you people should stop deceiving yourselves, this guy is really not a Nigerian  

I hope he will not carry Yoruba mentality into that post, which is ''treasury looting''.  

I thought you were wise.

How many Nigerians doing well in the diaspora have come together to effect change back home? They travel abroad and think they are Americans or British and forget they are still Nigerians.
Yes we have had incredibly irresponsible governments bt Nigerians doing the well abroad shudnt forget where they came from also. Many of them do.

you will just be typing rubbish

Keep decieving yourself. You de Nigeria how many yr?.. it's just two region ruling. If not for one president die another region group for never smell there since 1960.

Are you a new comer? 
Beware Nigerians. This is the time to know and understand the true identity of those who cause tribalism on here, they are paid agents, they are neither from east or west. They have more than twenty monikers, they would create tribal related topics and make tribal comments with different monikers to cause chaos between southerners. Though, they have no conscience but you can try to educate them or better ignore them. They are easy to identify, use your head brothers.
They dominate this platform. They are evil and restless until their aim is achieved.

what does your love want to do to him, he is doing it for is own interest not because he give a shit about you or your people .....

The only fact that they considered is he is an American.

That is what I am saying, it is not good news for us, intelligence is distributed through out races and tribes, if a country can not take advantage of it's intelligent people the country is on a free fall to doom, these people are actually very important resource, oil is not all that matters

Buhari go soon enter Twitter begin Congratulate

I hope he will not carry Yoruba mentality into that post, which is ''treasury looting''.  

He is a Nigerian

Nigerians excelling everywhere we go.. 
 
No to tribalism..

Says someone who jumps on every Trump and Biden thread.  

He is yoruba christain not mumuslim like you

What's your pains?

look at this lunatic, Trump that has already conceded defeat
Them go tie you up before this whole election matter end...na Yabaleft you go dey, mad man

It will be unreasonable to expect anything sensible from a perpetual dog eater

Okay...
Yoruba lagba

 keep displaying your ignorance here.

 kiki, you are the one that concede for him. funny ignorant fool displaying his ignorance here. na CNN you always watch project that here.

Kai you problem dey too much on this tribal issue.

This thread will soon turn to tribal bashing. No be Nairaland again?
Meanwhile Congratulations "Boda Wale"

Funny enough,  the ones who came think like Buhari
 
Truly spoken like someone who has nothing inteligent to counter my submission with!

If he like, let him appoint fulani, hausa igbo okirirka, ijaw etc into his antichrist cabinet, he will not rule America.
The time for the antichrist is not now, the Gospel must be preached first.

true igbos are the most  business oriented

YOU WISH

I don't even belong in this class... But I wouldn't come myself.
Come and do what?

Fact!
The is appointment is further proof!
Congrats Adewale (Wally) 

This your analysis ehhh...... I'm trying understand it?

Nothing serious bro

Upper hand for Madam Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala

We know history bro, he's a Yoruba man. 

Congrats to Wale.

They are coming for you. Watch your back.

everyone is intelligent, the question is what have you got to offer yourself?

 OK. I've heard you. Next.

Thanks brother. They better take note and stop going to no name universities.

You are still talking about the signs of a failed state? You should be talking of the ooze and stench of a decayed state... We have passed that stage

Any one still supporting Buhari government is the devil.....
Zombies are soulless

Potential terrorists in zoo

Nobody was killed. This is fake news

Don't be annoyed please, nobody was killed.
NB: You sound like one of the 'enemies of Nigeria'.

may the soul of the faithful departed rest in the bosom of our Lord
sad news every day in Nigeria, when is this going to end

No cause for alarm. ISWAP (Islamic State West Africa Province) was just preaching peace. 

South is already unfortunate, my brother.
A people who do not try to evolve will be consumed and become a lost tribe.
We had been sounding the gong since, break up this nonsense artificial british company called Nigeria, SW and SS were forming politically smart. Romancing their respective useless governors and chairmen, when they were busy selling our land resources and carrying out illegal mining without our knowledge, and at the same time giving free pass to Fulani herdsmen boys to ranch freely and cultivate farms.
The damn worst is yet to come. Nigeria no fit contain everybody again o. ISWAP (Islamic State West Africa Province) is here to stay.
Anyone that doesn't agree, let them clear them. Cut neck, hand and breast. 
Sheybi some foools still dey shout 'Tinubu', 'One Nigeria', 'Strength and Unity', '2023 elections'... 
And with all whats happening, does anyone else still need convincing that the south will eventually bow to the North and begin to live like Afghanistan? Na all of you cause am, docile southerners. With the exception of the gallant IPOB and some SW groups (Oore Ona Kakanfo and the likes).

Farmers should arm themselves. Their farms are no longer safe. Why will some slow bastards kill you like a ram when you have the same gun you have? That is why shit like this can never happen in America. You have a gun, I have a gun, lets see how far.

No rational person rejoices over the death of another unless you have displayed sheer hatred toward the person first. No matter the tribalism and political intolerance that have become a daily reality on Nairaland, we are all humans. 
Besides, everyone is free to dig up facts so some politically blind people do not continue to give us the impression that the north is calm. My friend in Maidugri told me that many killings that occur along that axis often go unreported. People deserve to know the truth.

Allah go Punish 'your Oga' at the top and 'you' for supporting Boko haram.

This UN can lie. 
No one was killed by Boko Haram. Which Boko Haram? The one that has been defeated or are they talking about IPOB the only terrorist group in Nigeria?
Nigeria government should sanction them fast.
 
You're a walking corpse with no conscience. a filthy malodorous abomination in human form.
why are you agitated because people are reporting facts to question security incompetence of those at the helm. I know you'll revel more deaths if only your darling idiot remain in power.
useless dunce.

May God help us. Indeed we are on Auto pilot

According to that clown Arrewa, Nigeria has never been this good.

So you prefer they hide the numbers and lie, then suppress and intimidate media like they doing with the toll gate massacre. It invariably means you happen when thousands die and they lie that 10 died instead. That's wickedness in high place. It implies you support terrorism, civil oppression and deception. I am right about the latter because you have been doing that. 
Manna, by now you suppose get sense na. Which enemies! Is it the one at home or abroad. If wall doesn't pave way or open space, lizard won't enter now. Your President won't take the right measure by first sacking and even further probing the ineptitude those he called security chief. A president that is quick to deploy soldiers to protesters but takes his time with terrorist. I don't understand this. No I dont and I can't. A presidency that defend terrorism. The only reason why I don't blame him fully is that even northerners themselves are comfortable with the statusquo else, they should have taken actions themselves against those that are killing them and even those that are in government or power that watch while they been killed like ram.
You are upset that UN said the actual numbers instead of speak truth to power and call a spade a fuckin spade. Until Nigerian begin to call their leaders and government who they truly are, they won't own up to the excesses, deficiencies or incompetence.

Northern Youth wake up

lauretta onochie is that you?

UN are liars, nobody was killed by Boko Harm after all Boko Haram has been technically defeated.

Nigeria is a low key war zone 

Along with those that encourage them and release them as repentant Boko Haram when captured. Ain't you tired of being stupid?

ALONG WITH YOU

Want to hear the truth?
Boko Haram is a northern thing the North that sentence a kid to ten years for blasphemy and sentence people to death out of religious intolerant deserve Boko Haram

Lai Mohamed must be tired of trying really hard to defend a failed government. You cover one mess today, 2 more pops up tomorrow, you cover that one up, another 4 pop up again.  
Endless cycles of lies  

This has gone beyond party affiliation, in a saner clime all the security chiefs would have been fired by now or the president resigned himself.
If you swore an oath to protect life and property of your citizen, failure to carry out this primary assignment means you are no longer able to discharge your constitutional duty and should therefore resign.
Look at Peru where the president resigned from office due to a protest that led to the death of two of it's citizen, after just five days in office.
Why do our leaders enjoy the perks of office but disdain the pain attached with doing their Job effectively?
We have become more like a country built on blood and sustained by bloodshed!

They want to make food scarce. That is the plan to starve Nigerians and create chaos.

 Bastard you are now talking of tribe and religion but during ENDSARS criminality you were preaching one Nigeria and looking support from the north, hypocrisy at its peak. Nonsense

Why don't you ask your darling daddy to solve the problem, or is he not Major General again?

please stop spreading misleading information

Well in my own opinion there's no intending attack to happen in Borno, i repeat there's no intending BH attack to happen in Borno the military is not aware of afore/ ahead of time cuz I refuse to believe Camp zairo sector command telling Nigerians they never saw Boko Haram advancement all the way to Zambarmari
meanwhile, my heart goes out to the affected, if you've ever lived in Borno you'll agree with me of all states in Nigeria Borno shouldn't be the one ravaged with insurgency

Going Legit in Nigeria is now a Sin..
Illegitimate people now feel safe than the legit people in diz country...
some of there mate av join Bandits to kidnap and cashing out massively but they choose to go legit and still dere security is not guranteed...

To what end? I suspect some prominent people are behind all these orchestrated attacks

As usual from BMC But if its unarmed protester the military will start flexing muscles just like the lekki toll gate incident

The Nigerian Army is the head quater of Boko Haram.
The nation is doomed!
Thank God Shiloh 2020 is around the corner. I'm looking forward to Papa Oyedepo cursing those northern vagabonds again.

Innocent civilians, comes to mind

This is the real threat but they will never be proactive against it.Go see the way they are issuing threat to #endSARS protesters/Nigerians protesting for good governance.

Buhari sack the service chiefs period  

I've said it before and I still would keep saying it ..." 
IF YOU DESIRE FOR A RAPID RESPONSE FROM THE MILITARY OR ANY SECURITY OFFICER, PUT A CALL ACROSS AND TELL THEM THAT A GROUP OF BLOODY AND UNARMED....I repeat "UNARMED" CIVILIANS ARE GATHERING FOR A MATCH AGAINST BUHARI/BAD GOVERNANCE ".....Believe you/me that you would be surprised to know that the military lives right at your backyard...

As commander in chief buhari is responsible.
For this alone heads ought to dole in the ranks and files of the military. 
But the buhari himself is useless to us,  so I do not expect anything to happen

They should have told them #endsars protesters are with them...

Conduct an election in the North right now, if Buhari doesn't win.... the margin will be close. They laid their bed, let them lie on it.
110 persons slaughtered and nobody lost their job, there was even more outrage over a backless dress than the murder of 110 people. When the North is ready, they will start holding their leaders accountable. For now, let's look unto Allah to put an end to terrorism.

They can't do anything,they are busy in obigbo killing innocent people with the order of a tyrant called hitler w!ke 
While bmc and tribalist mofos hail them because they labeled their victims ipob 
Karma is best serve cold
Wike will regret 
If hitler still has supporters before and after death 
Then am not surprise 
For wike hailers

But seriously, Buhari need to change his service chiefs immediately. Long overdue!
Well, that's if he is serious about this fight against banditry and terrorism. Which I doubt

Another rice farmer, Mohammed Alhaji, said the victims were busy harvesting rice when the insurgents summoned and assembled them.
what a very painful way to go, they willingly surrendered themselves, but the coward BH, had to take advantage og them, tied their hand and kill them gruesomely, 

Too barbaric

They work with orders now

This country need to travel abroad

What is the use of the army if not for times like this. 
They slaughtered 43 people, these is not just mere statistics, 43 bread winners and nothing was done. They were killed like mere animals
The head of the military is from that place yet nothing was done.
For these service chiefs to be keep their seats despite their gross failure , then there must be more to what meets the eyes. They must have a strong bargaining chip.
Maybe they would say its fake news and the video of the dead bodies were doctored
In normal countries , heads would be rolling now but not in Nigeria where any thing goes
People protest to stop police brutality and you see the military flexing their muscles on harmless citizens
I feel ashamed of this contraption of a country
Where Human lives next to nothing
But we must all know the general rule
"for what ever is not working in this country, someone is benefiting from it"

If it is to shoot and bully unarmed civilians, seeking answers to National problems, they are readily armed to teeth. Irresponsible lots.

u and your family shall be victims of what you are denying

Time for the north to come out of there religion bigot believe and speak against insecurity in the north.
Look at Lekki  shooting despite no tangible evidence of killing the army still have to come out and defend themselves with public apology, they should learn from other regions.

tragic, we reward incompetence in nigeria

How does it make sense to go and tell a pinp that the woman he is pimping is an Ashawo? Or to tell a warlord that his boys are killers?
The mistake they made was to report to those who sent the killers that the killers are doing their job well.
The army can be bought and have been bought by the Islamist and their killer squad. Remember the man who said they bribe the army to look away when they want to raid any community? Yeah, he wasn't joking.

Waiting for the Army to label this a 'fake news' as usual.

They weren't protesters so the army didn't see a reason to shoot at them.
The army only shows gallantry when the "bloody civilians" are unarmed.

Buhari owns Boko bois . I only pity the north

These BMC clowns don't know they are praising a lion that's biting their legs off. It would be hilarious if it wasn't so sad. Anyways they will enjoy the change with the rest of us.

If we are to go for election today, am very sure you and your people will vote Buhari 100% again. At least Buhari has fear of Allah and he is God sent.
Buhari closed border for imports yet his herdsmen are killing and destroying local farm produces. Is it a deliberate attempt to starve and suffer people?
In sane society, by now the northern youths are supposed to come out en masse with violent protests to demand for removal of highly incompetent tyranny, but in our own country in as much he is Fulani and practising Islamic faith we must to endure with our last blood.

You guys are fools for handing him to the stupid operatives, with all the happenings you cannot burn the idiot

My heart goes out to family members of slained farmers...May God give them the fortitude to bear these loss...
It's really painful,,,
I challenge the Northern Youths to wake up from their mental sleep.... Hold Your leaders accountable and Defend Yourselves since the Nigerian Military can't secure You all

There's no punishment for the officers who refused to act when information is been given..the intelligence gathering are no longer served as bedrocks to quash insecurities..the military knows them and they knows the military..

No motivation and nobody is ready to die for Nigeria again.

Which service chiefs! Buhari that can't even sack magu, he is waiting to be told be a third party the reason to!

Shehu. I thought you said the farmers didn't inform the army before they went to the farms.
Shame on you!!

It's a pity that people die Every day like fowl, I call on the security operatives to redouble their efforts to stem the tide of this killings

one nigeria

This is really quite sad. And some people think they will enjoy their old age when they carelessly allowed innocent souls to be vanquished under their watch? To make matters worse, after labouring for X months to plant and take care of their rice..., if the spirits of those farmers keeps silent and don't push for vengeance for their bloods on our leaders heads, then they all died in vain!

 . That was the mistake you made, oh dear.
The Nigerian government and army are partly Boko Haram, don't you know?

Insecurity is a top feature of third world countries, Nigeria is always a case study for all forms of security lapses.

Congrats. You just renew your Stupidity subscription bundle

The federal government would treat any fresh demonstration against perceived police brutality or any other issue, particularly if it threatens to disrupt peace and security of any part of the country, as high treason aimed at unconstitutional regime change, highly placed security

If you applied for NSCDC get ready for your computer base test on the 8th of December while Immigration is on the 7th Dec.

They will not do anything because they know about it. Simple.

 . See zombie. You better stick to licking ass like to love to do

POINT OF CORRECT IT IS FULLY BOKO HARAM

 oga you will think is fun but watch what you play with

But peaceful Lekki..........

Walking curse bank.

why are southerner this evil, Ending sars is a big win for boko haram.

Dailytrust is more Buhari than you. Anyway, you write for your monthly 30k, not your conscience

So which state should be ravaged. Unfortunately na kanuri people de tidy up their own people

This is a pitiable pathetic situation.
 We need an external intervention in this Country.

Wiike is simply an idiot and a foool. 

Buhari has failed the people of Bornu state. That he has not taken any decisive action against the leadership of the military for failing to prevent the Zabarmari massacre says a lot about his failure. He should resign honorably if he can no longer protect Nigerians.

Stop writing nonsense, if you're looking for reasons why not join a Robbery or kidnapping gang yourself since illegitimate people ate cashing out.

Kill them all!!!

Buhari is doing well. He was not aware if not he would have sent his boko haram siblings to amnesty center.

After everything nothing will happen, nobody will be sacked nobody will be demoted why then are you telling us

for dishonouring the dead by debying their grueaome death, may no one pay you any resoect when you pass away

you must be silly. Politicians servant. Keep working for them and be posting rubbish, we know you are a APC slave.

Well...this is Nigeria...where the people who are meant to protect us are going this 

May thunder strike your generation, you evil brood

how will the killings stop wen 7 virgins await them in paradise as they kill. the killings can not stop unless they purse them to their caves and burn dem there. attack is the best defence in a battle field

Waiting for Nigerian Army to denial being informed. Same Nigerian Army that can lie for Africa
 
They should have informed them they were protesters with placards and flags, you'd be surprise to see 10 hilux van fully loaded with soldiers with live bullets You scared the hell out of the Nigerian army when you said Bokoharam 

Coming at a time when those that were captured are undergoing rehabilitation. And are ready for reintegration to the society. I know the government and the military are a state of confusion right now.

The last guy was killed with his beads wrapped around his head.
Bloodsucking religion. Spits!

I know that this news is a fake news and photoshopped.
The Northern Nigeria Is Very Very Safe and secured last time I checked.
Meanwhile if this fake news turns out to be truth then I think its very OK to capture some bokoharam and tag them repentant members then send them abroad as VIPs to enjoy.
When army catches bokoharam members they are pampered but when bokoharam catches borno citizens they are slaughtered like chickens
Anyway since the North and the federal government thinks everything is going on fine.
Who am I to say otherwise??
Nobody is even outraged !! It seems the lives of those lost is worthless as long as bubu is president. Tufia!!!

Too bad!
Bloodthirsty government of self serving thieves and sadistic Tyrants!

There power is meant for civilians alone.
They should have taken it as an opportunity to leave that place. But,this sad incident just had to happen 

If not for the vast land mass and lack of resources at his disposal, at this juncture I would have advice Gov. Zulum to start the erection of a massive wall around those porous borders serving as easy inlets for this wicked fellow possessed with evil spirits from the pit of hell.  This will definitely go a long way to reduce the activities of this demonic fellows. I believe if it's started on a good note, aid towards it's successful completion will be received from different quarters, home and abroad. This will be a very laudable project, if undertaken by a sincere leader like Zulum!

the special force in the military hardly go into battle these days.
they just create military presence in some locations they are and protect their territory.
the days of gun battle with bokoharam are hardly still in existence.
don't know why but weapons and wages can't be the reason.
because they are paid massive special force allowance aside munguno allowance and salaries.

You should have told them some End sars protesters are disturbing the peace of the town They would use speed of light to round them up Cowards that call themselves Army

I saw same on cnn, 110 people and our government said 40+

Can you imagine this idiot? Now I believe you are an agent of darkness and the lives of Nigerians mean nothing to you and your irks that care about only retaining power and positions even if it will be at the cost of the lives of all Nigerians.
May God visit the wrath of His vengeance on you and all you love and stand for, amen!!!

Sorry, the military were trained to end protest not terrorism.

To think people of the state won't go out and protest on these killings, let your voice be heard, this isn't normal and it should be condemned outrightly.

If your neighbours house is on fire, and you sit and say "after all it is not my house". When the fire reaches your house you can't have an excuse.
The north take serious things not serious, and trivial things very serious.
It is the same with B/H which they tagged " our brothers"
He who digs a pit will fall into it.
May Almighty God have mercy on Nigeria.

This is humans killed like chickens, hmm. And some people still think that islamizing Nigeria through hisbah is the way forward.

Boko Haram is the biggest business in northern Nigeria.
That madness will live with this country forever because many prominent northerners cashing out of it 
The government and Borno people know the sponsors of Boko Haram. If you doubt me, ask any enlightened person you know from that state.

Once an insurgent is caught. . Kill and burn the body. Pobably the one caught and handed over to the authorities was released henceforth the killing as retaliation. . This is sad. Man killing man

It puzzles me how there's no outrage on these deaths.

The military are busy doing operation crocodile smile in southeast!!!!

okay.

You are a Bokoharam, kill all that you want, destroy and kidnap innocent citizens something will happen to you.
The Nigerian government would embrace you for job weldone.
All in the name of rehabilitation.
Send you abroad and fly you from sambisa to the government house....
And want you to be drafted into the army, Burutai would commission you personally.
You are a bandit.
You destroy, rape and kidnap and kill Innocent citizens that refused to pay you money for them to farm in their own ancestry land. Don't worry Nigerian Army together with the state governor are coming for you.
The are coming to beg you to surrender... Like El rufai they would pay you money running into millions... The GOC would even take pics with you like you are Prince of Wales. Afterwards you guys party and chop suya... Then home you go in one piece.
You are a citizen. .. you protesting because the country is retrogressive. You joined #EndSARS
Don't worry the the President is coming for you
Noooo.. he didn't. He sent his boys to shot and kill us. The Nigerian Army didn't beg us like the bandits... They never engaged us in a dialogue to hear our plight but rather they engaged us with the bullets even when we sang the national anthem
Before you say Jack Robinson, they sweep it under the carpet like all is well and nothing happened.
Notice how Burutai has been forming Rambo with innocent armless citizens

Have you verified it??

Last week the minister of finance and economic planning said the nation borders will soon be open. 
Two days ago,  nanono aka brain filled with expired nunu milk came out to say the borders will remain shut,  and in fact the keys thrown into lagoon. Some fools on this platform supported the later comments likening it to what china did back then. Even though lives where lost just to attain the state they are in today. 
My problem with those supporting the border closure and saying we should tow the Part China took years back is was the level of INSECURITY in China comparable to what is happening in the country as at now? 
China did it and succeeded if at all it worked because there was a high level of security in their country guaranteed by the government.  In Nigeria of today, no region is exempted from the high level of insecurity experienced in the country,  from north east lead by iswap and bokoharam to Northwest lead by dissident bandits and kidnappers to Northcentral experiencing  prolonged issues of herders and farmers crisis to kidnappers and banditry...  The southern region isn't left out... 
In all these where government should be sensitive to the plight of common Nigerians who don't have the wherewithal and financial chest to meander the tough path of hunger occasion by hardship in consonant with the pandemic decide to be paying higgi hagga with policies.
For God sakes the president should open the border so things will come in,  just like they have opened the border for dangote and imports of petrol products from Niger,  borders should be opened for the entirety of Nigerians.

FAKE NEWS!!!  It's disheartening that our so called government leaders are very articulate in changing Realities to be Fake News and vice versa. We have never had it this bad. Government of the worst citizens. Peace.

Learn to sleep alone, too much sexy cause brain damage.

I suspect there i s some form of ethnic cleansing going on there. There are many Christians in Borno but virtually all casualty there are presented as another faith. Maybe they truly have oil there.

Be calming down now.... Common sarcasm is hard for you to understand! 
Were you not on NL when all those mofos were using those bad language on the Lekki shooting?

 you JUST SAID IT ALL

 One BMC zombie with different monikers, used to defend stupidity

You're mad

Are you truly a northerner?

Fake news

YOU NO GO DIE BETTER, THE CASE OF THOSE SLAINED COMPARE TO YOURS WILL BE WORST

Sigh. Lord have mercy on Nigeria.

THAT'S beCAUSE YOUR POLITICIANS ARE BENEFITING FROM THE BUDGET AND FUNDING FOR BIKOHARAM ONCE THE CONFLICT ENDS SO DOES THEIR BANK ACCOUNTS DRY UP SO THEY WONT WANT IT TO END THAT'S WHY YOU SEE BOKO HARAM USING NEW VECHILES OF THE NIGERIAN ARMY CAUSE THEY ARE SPONSORED BY OUR POLITICIANS

GOD HAS LONG ABANDONED YOU 

Hope you guys are enjoying the massive vote you gave the dullard in 2015 election!! May the souls of the innocent people that didn't vote for this dullard rest in peace

soldiers want to save their LIVES

They were busy killing innocent people in obigbo so that have time to face the real criminals.

That's because the useless soldiers have all relocated to Obigbo, Afaraukwu and the south-east in general for python dance! Igbos IPOB and Mazi kanus' compound are their problem and not the bloodthirsty bokos!
Fools!

Are you sure you are okay? 
Do you have feelings at all? 
Are you sane? 
What's wrong with you?  

The NA will be smart enough and quick to kill innocent protesters at the Lekki tollgate  without blinking eyes and come out boldly to say they were called in protect mere properties and destroy lives.

yenefer come defend your master idiot ...

Death has become 'normalised' in Nigeria! This is what happens when part of the country keeps quiet when those they despise are being slaughtered! What goes around comes around! When a man doesn't express outrage when his neigbours are being slaughtered.....when they come for him they'd be no one to come to his aid or speak up for him! Wanton ethno-religious inspired murder has been going on in this country since the 50s.....how many people have been caught, tried and sentenced to death?

God will punish every nigeria service chief who have the report and refuse to act .
Nass should move motions to impeach me president now to save north east from boko haram

Coward!Coward!!Coward! NA...it is better to disband the army .let the people fight for themself

 They're waiting for allah, so I'm waiting with them.

So apt

They cannot come when it's not #Endsars protesters.
The've got no balls... Useless hegoats. They should go and share drinks and water for Boko^hari boys now, dem turn deaf & dumb like their masters.  Smh

Of because they didn't. They have lost all courage to face their enemies, who  could match them in fighting back with sophisticated arms. They are presently busy  fighting arm less protesters in Lekki-Lagos and thinking on how to launch more crocodile tears operation in the south.That is what they have been reduced to.. bunch of Cowards and saboteurs. 
I used to respect the Nigerian Army back them.I  would always want to greet them and thank them for defending us and our land, but no anymore.
They will not respond swiftly to distress calls that involve life and Death from poor farmers in the north  but  were quick to zoom off to Lekki toll gate to shoot at arm-less protesters, holding the national flag and singing the national anthem. They even said they would do it again, if given the same opportunity but they do not have the same balls to face their deadly enemies in the North..

On point... misplaced priorities. Killing them like chickens, yet majority of them are in support of this government that can't protect them. 
 
Anyway as they lay their bed soo they sleep on it... 

Haba, even boko^hari, the breathing mannequin  needs to be sacked.
Nigerians are very lukewarm because we don't know our worth any longer. We've been deprived for so long that abnormality has become the norms and order of the day.

Sad

learn to spot sarcasm when you see one

 Borno state is safer than Lagos State

the military chiefs are making more money from this insecurity in Nigeria they know more about this killing

congratulations OBO to the WORLD

that's Davido's life... Aspiring to be as generous as Bill Gates

Like his late mother's life, Dr Mrs Veronica Adeleke of Babcock, who donated buildings to Babcock, lectured for free and even bless poor students
Unlike taqiya , BMC, and. Yoruba Muslim screaming miscreants

Yahaya bello's children as governor go to Dubai for Xmas shopping what will happen if he becomes president they'll probably go to the moon,  at the end politicians will be shouting patronize made in Nigeria brand ...our leaders dey take us catch cruise

And don't forget to tell your husband to pay workers their salary

I don't even have someone to call to send me 1k.

I celebrate with the people that are blessed
Sometimes I feel like these rich people no get access to poor people even  if dem wan help, like only the rich  mix with the rich so...

Not hating though but they all spend life abroad yet can't replicate what they see in abroad down here..... Las Las na to make money enuf that even policeman go be your assistant

Seems these people don't have access to the extreme poor or poor..

No qualms
This is so sophisticated
Davido the cheerful giver
Only god knows why he didn't give you musical talent

When they want to do shopping they do it abroad. When they are sick it's abroad. But when they die they want to be buried in Nigeria.

I can partner with Kogi State government to empower the youths through various skill acquisitions.

Davido should have saved that money and give it to the less privileged. Those kids have more than enough which were looted from the masses by their useless dad.

Politicians and their families now live outside Nigeria. Okay

She can't talk to her husband to govern better

Yahaya Bello Presidency is something that still gives me wondering if Nigeria can ever be redeemed.

it's only in Dubai you will see that our politicians are down to earth , no escorts , they do everything by themselves
good one

Nigerians Supporting Dubai again sha.  

They destroy other people's future in this country but want theirs to enjoy the future.
Most Black people especially most Nigerians, shouldn't be among other race on earth.

 ...thought he said he's not doing politics....everybody dey deceive each other for this country.. well, learn how to make crazy money on Bitcoin, and profit like crazy if you no understand

So he has not pay salary, people in his state are suffering while his children are enjoying in Dubai. 

Send your account let's share the 2k wey dey here

Muslims. I expected them to be fully covered or is that for poor Muslims?

VANITY UPON VANITY

How many have you seen ?

I dont understand. So if you become a governor in some years to come you won't give your children the best they deserve in Life? Your kids go dey shop for Aba or wetin. What are you keeping your money for?

Buying corrupt Politician children gift while the common Nigerians are dying he should have used such opportunity to remind those children that their father is responsible for hardship in kogi state.

Mtcheeew...Davido just dey throw away money!

As if Rashida and her kids lack anything. Trust me the Kogi lady is loaded with  Dirham ,Dollars, Euro, pounds,

 That is the poverty triangle theory..... The rich continue to be rich while the poor are still poor. 

if na to go DUBAI, na there you go see these people

A whole Professor Berlin don't even know his fellow professors to ask for 1k from? 
 

problem for who no go Dubai for shopping.
After our leaders go tell us to grow the naira. Patronize made in Nigeria goods, but na dem dey travel out go grow other people's currency. 
Thunder fire poverty

Watch. I know where this is going. Soon you'll hear that Davido is running for public office. You don't have to be a genius to figure out how Nigerians roll.

 I tried sending you a personal message but I don't know how

 Please I have a question oo Where and how did he get huge amounts of money to send his children for shopping at Dubai?
Common Governor! Does he have any private business he is running amidst his administration

That is why visa ban frightens Africa politicians. The fact that their wifes and kids cannot go shopping in NY, London, Paris etc. Imagine if Dubai, turkey joins too.
Meanwhile I hear our resident zombies, (they know themselves), their kids are doing their Christmas shopping at katankowa, Ikeja along, oshodi market bend down select as 30k bmc money no reach.

OBO to the World
I just feel like this guy is the Best Humanitarian in this country so far
Manny always sharing palliative

HISBAH and MURIC we can't take this how can you allow Davido to be touching and holding the wife of a Muslim Governor. This is pure haram. LMAO,

Where would they now spend the looted money they took to the mall
davido this is misplaced giving But Your money your spending

How much is it to go to dubai my brother? Someone that has been a Governor for 6years. On the average a governor earns 11million naira in salary and allowances per month. Are you saying if you earn half of that a month you can't take your kids to dubai once in a year during christmas festivity to shop. Please be informed. As a governor he has a wide range of investments opportunities also.

Enjoying Kogi state money in Obodo Dubai. These our politicians doesn't hear word.

 If governors are paid what you stated above Then why do they still embezzle public funds?

MADAM YOU HAVE THE GUTS TO TELL DAVIDO TO KEEP MAKING NIG PROUD WHAT HAS YOUR HUSBAND DONE IN government TO MAKE NIGERIANS PROUD?? WHY DONT YOU SAVE YOUR SPEECH FOR YOUR HUSBAND AND HIS POLITICAL FRIENDS USLESS PPL

Human wants are insatiable. As you go higher in life, you taste and need increases. If you lack integrity and morally bankrupt, when you find yourself in a position where there are no institutions or structures to checkmate illegality and corruption, you are bound to loot. If you put 8 in 10 Nigerians as governors they will still loot and steal including you

David and attention sha. Why lavish money on the wealthy if not for clout.

Bill Gates gives to the poor.

Of course. And they will foolishly vote him. The have forgotten the disaster Desmond  elliot

We are not easily embarrassed. The IGP of our states could make Dubai x 20 since 2000, however we still want to be living in situations of filth. 
Pray you never visit Singapore or Botswana. You will cry

And the final answer is.... Nigeria is a burial ground.

God could mean anything to me. Besides, you must be very very stupid to come at me like that.any of your gf get 1m for account? Bloody idiot

cute kids though

Guy - it is called Networking - these favors will be returned somehow someday - What if Yahaya Bello becomes Minister of works after 2023, OBO wants contract, he will not bid like you and me- He will walk straight into his office and the face will be recognized - The rich seek and maintain friendships with their likes through these type of generosity - do not be fooled - It is called NETWORKING!!!!

Well I'll be in Dubai Mall tomorrow too, hope i run into Frog Voice

waiting for Yahaya Bello to declare public holiday for this, yes that guy stupidity can be predictable 
but the first Lady kids are pretty, pretty mother is expected to have a replica

Any Nigerian who travels to Dubai and shops in the mall is not a poor person.

But is your husband kind enough to pay the salaries of the state government workers

If there's any group of scammers or terrorist planning to create chaos and lawlessness, they should know, that the Army and SARS will treat them as enemy of the state

How have they treated Boko Haram and bandits? Cursed government!

44 farmers beheaded in Borno, 7 indegens slaughtered in Kaduna. What has your worthless coward army done to that?

Do they think I am not tired of this country. This time around I go join bokoharam bomb all available Ass.

Pick up gun ...kill 1000s that's the only way nigerian government can respect you 
Be peaceful , protest peacefully ,be none violent and face the full might of the Nigerian army

A coup plotter will always fear a peaceful protest. Buhari is afraid that he might be removed same way he overthrew a democratically elected government before

The presidency is scared of unarmed protesters and deem it fit to use excessive force even to the extent of shamelessly killing the protesters but, when faced with armed oppositions like Boko Haram, and Fulani bandits they end up cowering in fear.

But dey will allow Boko Haram, Bandits and Kidnappers to roam free and have a field day in the country abi? Insecurity is ravaging the country but the government is more interested in attacking those asking for the change the same government promised

But the Boko Haram that beheaded people will be treated as Regime Support!

Leave them, #EndSars is their headaches

Let's focus on getting this shithole out of recession

Your sponsor aka terrorist government sponsored the people that came to attack peaceful protesters, we can clearly see that but failed to mention that in the panel. Boko Haram must be friends of the state. 
If the problem of this government is peaceful protesters we wonder what level bandits and Fulani terrorist are.

Truly buhari has lost goodwill, this is the man that many were shouting  for in 2015 and hoping that things will improve under him. Now he has to use the military to force people to love him

You're a shame to both living and non living things. 
UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation predicted that famine will hit northern Nigeria soon, your government is doing nothing about that. 
This warning came when you guys have farmers working in the farm, now 50+ of them have been slaughtered by patriotic bokoharam so expect the famine earlier than predicted. 
Every sane government should be worried about this because when there's nothing else left to eat, both your police and army will be eaten. 
It's not like I expect a zombified person to understand anyways. 

Good move....Any body who parades himself as a peaceful protester but take advantage of others by blocking the road and extorting law abiding citizens should b severely dealt with.

Useless federal government supported by a delusional OP, actual terrorists aren't even their priority after killing dozens of people.
This government really doesn't deserve to be in power after the show of shame we've been witnessing.

Nigeria is definitely not a democracy. What kind of brainless baboons do we have in power? 
Nigerian Army left Boko Haram in the North to slaughter peaceful #EndSARS protesters in Lekki. Now their priority is to curb freedom of speech and right to protest through baseless threats?
See, at this point, youths must take to the streets again  and demand total freedom or else, this country is done for. 
It's obvious Boko Haram is sponsored by our Northern infested governmental parastatals.

This government is very paranoid.
If only the man from Otuoke was this highhanded, we won't be in this mess now.
But why do they, by themselves, keep referring to their government as a "regime"? If not that this country is being run like the military era?  

Lai Muhammed should come and sanction UN please. We can't take this kind of biased reporting from them. 
He should inform them that hence, we won't be receiving any form of aid from them again.

 How can we live in  the same nation with people who don't  value human lives and properties. Do you want us all to be consumed?

Hope you'vr eaten.

i Am ashamed of u.....

Stay there and fool yourself..
Continue looking for who to vent your frustrated life on,instead of you to contrate on the massacre of innocent Nigerians and hold your leaders to account you are here looking for who to blame..

shameless man

Hausa killing hausa . Hausa do not care about killing or be killed

LMAO.... But truly those slain farmers deserves our sympathy buh I shouldn't be crying more than the bereaved.
Arewa remains the most peaceful part of Nigeria and repentant BH will continue to be rehabilitated and reintroduce into the ever peaceful northern society.

Only a bastard preach one Nigeria And I never did 
Southern unity and one Nigeria ain't same

This is what it is.

Even Boko Haram boys know Buhari is dead and gone!

Federal government should sanction United Nations.

You are more of a bastard than the other bastards. In short you are the biggest bastard of them all. U are an infidel and a Jihadist, just shut the Bleep up, son of a crazy bitch.

Even if politicians are sponsoring BH, are they stronger than the Nigerian Police, DSS, Army, Navy, Air Force, Customs and Civil Defence?
Is the federal government not supposed to apprehend them?

This government has failed woefully and they won't agree they have failed,the useless minister of information will be saying rubbish, I don't blame him ,we have 3 years more for this useless government to finish their tenure and vote for a new government come 2023.

Anuofia, why don't you look within?

The point is that any one that want to go through these routes should avoid them by all means. If you can't afford 20k-40k for flight, please make that person sit his/her arse down.
There is still hope when there is life.

God shall punish Buhari and all the Governors, Ministers, Commissioners and Local Governments Chairman. Including buhari the blood sucker

As if we are not hungry enough..dont kill our farmers

We that when they report 43, just know that the figure must be times two. Now UN has give us the correct figure. 
North is only reaping what they sow. I only pity the lost souls who died without salvation.

It is what it is. I smell fear

Worst IG of Police ever! So incompetent like his pay master!

Thousands are being killed in the north and this is what they can come up with? Talk about misplaced priorities

Cursed failed useless country, governed by wicked and heartless rulers 
Protesters with placards asking for a good governance is their headache, and social media is responsible for the violence/killing in the northern part of Nigeria 

That's why I can't waste my RIP when I read news of Bokoharam killing the northerners. Let the continue to die and kill themselves in numbers.

Yes, we need Buhari to rule for another term, he's the best president and we all love him after all he has done especially in the areas of security. 

See the useless of all useless government? They can't issue this kind of notice to Bandits/BHT who gruesomely murdered hapless Nigerians ystdy.See their wicked priority?

The truth is people are not happy with government so any protests will always deteriorate to a protest against bad governance and the likes. 
Jonathan/Pdp government had same situation. The only difference is Apc escalates protests rather than settle them.
#Endsars should also be taken seriously to deal with all the issues of police brutality properly so we know that has been settled and anything else it a different protest entirely which is in any case still not illegal. 
But what is the protest now for exactly?? Let's not disrupt society for no valid reason. 

That guy is a clown

@Buhari if you do your job well there will be no threat to your presidential seat.

Useless people 43 people were slaughtered like chicken but this is all they can come up with? I am heartbroken

Yes we should kill all protesters who are unhappy with Buhari. Doing that will solve all of the country's problems.

They are more disturbed by #endsars protesters than shekarau

You mean these lawless rogues they allowed to attack protesters?

She's just a lost cause, lockdown hunger forced her offline now she's back saying nonsense.
She will later donate money to useless Hisbah and praise useless Buhari because she's in love with uselessness.

Protest is allowed, rioters can be shot...protest must be peaceful, not looting, arson and vandalising, or blocking of expressway and highway. The law must be respected by all.

Funniest thing is no one is even moving a motion to impeach this clueless dullard in power

The federal government would treat any fresh demonstration against perceived police brutality or any other issue, particularly if it threatens to disrupt peace and security of any part of the country, as high treason aimed at unconstitutional regime change, highly placed security

we die here, all of us

Shall I go on?
No good news since this man resumed office, so why is he really scared of impeachment?

whenever you type from your brain all what you just say is pool of SEWAGE cow poo(excreta) had taken over your brain

What time did you went to bed last night? please where did you slept if at all you slept in the first place? 
And when 44 farmers are murdered and your lifeless dullard darling daddy could say was to condemn it and remain in shock till eternity and you his followers only come here to say oh rest peace to the dead.
please cover your face in shame. If Mali way is the solution so be it. Everybody are tired and sick of your darling daddy and he must go.

Hypocrite, have you seen the recent massacre in the north? Where farmers where beheaded? Report says it could have been stopped but no #endsars protest its more important than the lives of Nigerians. You can't stop what is coming they are killing people in the north like chickens, they are our brothers and sisters. Let the north start the protest we in the south will continue until the promised change is delivered till then. #wemove

Bandits and Boko Haram will be treated with honorable award..

It was for 2023. It was an attempt to present government to hand over power in 2023 to the side the protest started from. We saw similar protests after MKO Abiola debacle.

People are dying everyday, and these bastards are busy talking about regime change. Selfish bastard idiots.
God, I hate these politicians

Then the protest will come as a violent one since we know Government will respond violently. We will Carry clubs, knives, cutlasses this time and any casualty recorded on the peoples side will lead to more aggression and violence until fake Buhari run away into exile.

the way you behave on this forumn will make people to suspect if you are a spy to  Boko boys. Walahi

If you love yourself, avoid anti-government protests that #endsars was hijacked for. Rather protests on ground issues power costs, fuel costs, insecurity, etc. Those are things we should unite about.

I understand.  It's already month end. You must collect your monthly stipend

when the army and sars cannot protect innocent 113 farmers from decapitation, you must be stupid.

Useless, bloodthirsty government of self serving thieves and sadistic Tyrants!

This federal government is really stupid..
Any other Protest will have a different name, a different purpose, and a different target.

In 2015, Boko Haram was used to intimidate Nigerians to remove Goodluck Jonathan from the presidency.

The Nigerians are wicked and heartless as well not just their leaders for their leaders from counsellor to governors are taken out from among them.

Coming from a northerner who's brothers and sisters are being slaughtered daily like chickens
You should be so ashamed of your stupidity

Why won't we protest ? Is this the Nigeria buhari promised us?

Useless government that can't protect her citizens from terrorist attack is more bothered about peaceful EndSARS protest and remaining in power!
It will never be well with them! Blood sucking demons 

Boko Haram killing scores of nigerians is not an attempt at regime change?

Looking for the comments from the official meat griller to our darling daddy.

The most clueless and cursed government ever.

May all the evil events happening under the regime of  spread to your families and loved ones, All yaisa, weyrey

Of course. EndSARS protest is a huge National Security Challenge and should be so treated. 
We can ignore minor and insignificant issues like beheading of 10s and 100s of innocent Nigerians by Criminal elements but certainly not the outspoken Nigerians who wants a better deal for the country.

Bastard

How have they treated those that just killed over 40 poor farmers trying to earn a decent living ?

WE ARE IN A DEMOCRACY. AND SO, EVERY PROTEST THAT IS CARRIED OUT WITHOUT CLUBS, CUDGELS AND CUTLASSES IS A HUMAN RIGHTS PROTEST.

She stated pointedly:  .... The mistake they are making, however, is that they fail to realise that we have stronger security institutions here to resist unconstitutional regime change.
Strong institutions to suppress unarmed civilians while hiding from  boko haram and kidnappers. I blame the north that returned Buhari because of religion.  They laid their bed.

what, please how did i find my self in this country ? so you want to beat a child and ask the child not to cry ? so we don't have rights to protest if we see anything wrong ?
How have you treated this bandits in the north?
Are they ghost that you can't see them...? The joke is on you.

Ok don't worry this time around the protest is going to be #endinsecurity.

Useless entities.

Nigerians will soon come out on the street for those electricity distribution companies if nothing is done with high estimated Billings to defraud customers.

Let the protesters get arms and see how soldiers will be avoiding them.. This government need iron hand.. Tackle insecurity ,they can't. Kill unarmed protesters, they are ready.. Stupid leaders

We know where they have power.

So they are planning another massacre or what?

You lack ability to comprehend and relate with reality

They are the God fathers of bokoharam and bandits so dey pamper dem and retrain the ones dey capture and treat dem like eggs , refuse to see dem as terrorist and den send dem back to the forest, while peaceful protester's are been called terrorist , can you now see the country we found our selves ?

This Buhari regime will not be forgotten in a harry

I am beginning to suspect this government. How can you attack peacefull protesters and allow the bokoharam and bandit to walk free? Shame to nigeria government.

They are afraid of a second protest or attack, I pity them, don't do the right thing and expect us to keep mute

They are clearly panicky and missing it. Endsars was spontaneous and I doubt the next major one will be any different.

Shut up
God save your world, save our nation.

foolish idiot even arewa don get sense but you still continue to be a fool forever

If the citizens where happy with him he won't be afraid

You are a mistake.

we are going to embrace revolution which will lead to a second civil war! 
in this scenario the north will suffer a drastic loses which will lead to the separation of Nigeria!

Nigeria is shithole and failed country.

How have they treated Boko Haram and bandits
Paid hoodlum

Yenefer , I pray as this Sun rise and Set, the Evil that befell those innocent farmers that went to make a living for themselves befall you and we will read the news as A FAKE NEWS on Nigeria COVER because no one will believe it happened because your HEAD will be SEVERED from your CADAVER.... It shall not be well with you... ELERIBU OMO APODA

God will punish each and every one of those behind this.
People are being beheaded in the most inhumane ways and they're talking about EndSARS.
Look at how warped their sense of priority is 

Have you heard that boko haram wiped out over a 100 people recently? Kindly help us tell the  Army and SARS to go do something about the NE.

We warned them but they thought we are fools...
Enjoy your government and please stop complaining. When the bible said people began to eat their children you people don't understand.


Yes the Army and SARS will do that but first of all search for the remaining corpses massacred in Borno on Saturday bury them let the Army and SARS arrest the perpetrators and deal with them decisively, cheap hungry sycophant like you, you are the worst enemy of the state since you have sold your conscience for peanut always supporting evil and refusing to speak the truth to your pay masters, the blood of the innocent will hunt you and this evil government for failure to do the needful and you are here talking about protesters instead of going after bandits and murderers ravaging the North.

I thought i am the only one bothered by the "regime" word.
The Army should know it has better job to do, with Boko haram killing over 100 people in Borno this weekend, than to be chasing UNARMED Protesters. Bandits killing and kidnapping Nigerians at will, but the Army is only focused on unarmed Youths who are demanding for a better Nigeria.
All these threats by the clueless military, would not INTIMIDATE NIGERIANS into SILENCE.
Can the Security Forces kill ONE MILLION Nigerians before they are Subdued? 
Ruling by FEAR only lasts for a while, the Nigerian Dictator should learn from History, if he is capable of learning.
And they should not forget, everyone of them will face Judgement at the international level, for their Crime against Humanity, killing of innocent and unarmed Nigerians.
I hope it is clear tot he world now that just because a leader wears Babanriga or organises a sham election, it does not mean you are in a Democracy.
Democracy does not use Violence to silence the voice of Protest/dissent.
Only Despots do that. 
Nigerians must start documenting the atrocities of Buhari and his henchmen in the military/Police and send same to the United Nations and ICC, these people must be made to pay for their atrocities, in due course. 
But if the President is listening, why are they arresting the protesters and issuing even more threats?

YES, it's attempt at regime change. So what are you fools gonna do?

Oh my God

Honestly, l have never seen a group of Men in Uniform, that is this Shameless!
And the Paranoia of this President makes me think he will sh!t in his pants and run, if he sees is own shadow walking alongside him  
 
It is only God that preserves, not violence or the Army. 

Without pulling strings or resorting to insults, what is your impression about the massacre in Bornu State? Just be honest. 

 you're thinking you've sense now until it gets to you and your family, then you will know how it feels

Government should wait for the people the masses are more than the security forces in Nigeria  95 times 95%
Government should check what is happening in Uganda  ,You will kill and tired even the military the police airforce will still kill members of their families too every one have relationship with one of the forces in Nigeria

Which God preserves? The actions you take determines you would be alive or not, only in rare cases you have no control over that and that is not the work of any God.

The country is heading for doom, if they continue in this pattern.

But the citizens have the right to demand regime change, afterall they voted you in there to do what's good for all. So if you fail, like you obviously have, they can demand that you get outta there.

Congrats............

yet PhD holder are still struggling to find their path in this useless country. Nigeria and Lagos state is upside down

Money don't care whether you have PhD or not. Everyone deserve the right to good living whether educated or illiterate.
Nigerians have been wired with this bullshit that the educated alone deserve good living while the uneducated should be confined to the wretched part of the society.
If just looking at the surface, this guy is a member of the NURTW, a government recognized union body, so you don't need to say the country is upside down because of him building a hotel. 
Yes, we can talk about corruption and question the cost of this hotel in comparison to his take home pay, if you suspect a foul play then you can attack him alone instead of the class he belongs to.

Must a Phd holder be more successful than him? A Phd holder can not make more money than akara seller or food vendor, Phd is good for prestige only, but it's nothing when it comes to money.
It has nothing to do with Lagos state, the fact that you have a Phd or you have 10 degrees doesn't mean you are going to earn more than other people..
We all pick our path in life so stop looking down on people because of what they do for a living?

Thuggery pays in south west reason why we the Yorubas doesn't value education

I'm talking about how Nigeria system has been upside down, you're blabbing about what someone is making a living
please what's he making for a living than extorting motorists that in return inflate transport the passenger paid? Nigerians just have a way of defending stupidity
this is how the world didn't value scientist, only to see their values during this world pandemic, we are too full of misplace priorities in Nigeria

Bros dey calm down small small, that part where you said a PhD Holder can not make more money than an Akara seller is not absolutely true.

Just imagine, Lagos is upside down because a private citizen and a non public official built hotel.  
What is so illegal or abnormal in that?

You rightfully said it's a government recognized union but still bent on how a tout should lord it, but we have the supreme court have aspirants loose positions for fake certificates into government institutions.
Of what purpose is education if trained PHD holders in transport and logistics are sidelined for league of touts?..
When you remove the "cherry" that makes you groom children from 2 to 30years just reading to be well trained while acquiring certificates, but a system gifts it to another who never deemed it neccessary, what kind of society would you be building?..
Do you think 6 months crash course training can't make an illiterate do the job bankers do or engineers do?... but nation building is not done that way.

I feel sorry for their prospective customers already. Once there is a fight between their factions, they usually target and destroy each other's property.

is it that you people can't read to comprehend or you just just chose to be naive?
if education is not as important, why didn't he make their kids to follow their path? why did Oluomo Packed all his kids to abroad? the kids will finished schooling there and get a good living because they value labour and effort there but in Nigeria here we defend politicians, defend nurtw, defend celebrities, normalise stupidity
that's why you elected a bloody illiterate just because both educated and non educated mentality should earn a good living! as worse as Gej was, he knew when to adjust because education still reflect in his engagement but look at what we've now?
with your kind in this country, we've a long way to go. if education is not important then let's send all the kids to be an nurtw tout then

a private citizens used the money extorted from motorist that made living hard for passengers most time to built hotel, defending Buhari had diluted your reasoning state
tp to my place before was 100naira but because they increase their levy at the park, they increased it to 300naira and you're blabbing
I presume being stupid is one of the criteria of defending Buhari and political parties in this country?

I didn't know I could build a house by selling puff-puff
You are sadly mistaken, many akara and puff puff sellers are actually millionaires.
Don't look down on people and their hustle.

Education itself is not created initially to be a money making venture. There are countless profession where a PhD holder earn less than a master or Bachelor degree holder in another field.
It is only in Nigeria where people will see a barber and distinguish them from a graduate simply because they think the teacher deserves more right to prosperity than a graduate.
What will you say about business men that do just buying and selling who earn more than PhD holders? Or an artist that do nothing more than just singing and praising people for money earning more than a professor?
There is dignity in labor. Money itself is not a dependent of your education or lack of it. A barber, NURTW, teacher, shoemaker, Tailor, and etc deserve right to prosperity and not just the dictated sector of the society.
By the way, a PhD in transport will not be on the road taking money from the drivers. A PhD should be somewhere contributing to knowledge in the field of transport and logistics and building custom Nigerian solutions to the problem bedeviling our transport sector. 
We both agree that NURTW is a creation of the law and it is situated in all 36 states of the federation. Will it be a fair thing to you if the NURTW continue to be a band of broke downtrodden of the society and you wish to see them make a good living and build shelter for themselves?

I just don't remember seeing him on the roadside extorting me for money, but the last time I checked, they collect membership fees from their members, not from you or motorists.
please, you are not making any sense.

You know a lot of folks on Nairaland will say any rubbish since people like them that can't think will be there to like their post.

The fact that you sent your kids to school doesn't mean you are going to determine what they end up doing in life, in many countries, welders, pipe fitters, machinists and auto plant workers with trade school education make more money than graduates.
We all can not be graduates or Phd holders, we need police men, fire fighters, bank tellers, factory workers, farmers, electricians, plumbers, waiters, receptionists, food vendors and so on.
Stop being shallow.

 
Baby factory people with short circuit brain

later you will that grunting like swines that Nigerians hate you, commissioner is fighting for the  control of motor parks in your erosion desecrated region.
Yet senses never locate the region that they under irrevocable trouble.

No one said education is not important. What we are saying here is the right of all occupation to prosperity. 
Because you are educated does not mean an illiterate shouldn't have the right to be prosperous. There is no natural law that says a PhD holder must be rich than a food seller. 
People get educated not because of money alone but exposure. That is why you see a lot of rich folks that still look archaic in their thinking and you can see a not so rich educated folk having value in the society.
The abroad you mentioned shows you don't know jack about abroad. People irrespective of occupation make some sort of deserving wages and the PhD holders here are not even the richest in the society. 
Here you will see barbers driving good cars, factory workers living large, and truck drivers making huge money. While education make you climb the ladder of wealth faster on average, there is no law that says the educated only deserve right to good life.
I don't respond to the rubbish politics you quoted because I don't have time for all this politics nonsense today.

There's something in the water they drink in that part of the country because it's hard to rationalized their manner of thinking and mentality as a people.

I can't put it any better.

It's not a business, it is NATIONAL UNION OF ROAD TRANSPORT WORKERS acknowledged by the government..
It should require well trained and educated people in order to create a hierarchy system where people develop themselves to attain greater heights. That is how nations are built. 
If from top to bottom of its hierarchy does not require even primary education, do you know the mess you are indirectly breeding in the future and how you have relegated relevance of education in the society ?..
How do you determine career growth in such organizations?.. 
by who is the strongest tout?.

Looks nice

Your comparison of an organization that handles the monies and taxes of a nation with mere business that anyone can venture into shows how deep you think.. You could have as well compared Government institutions with barber shops and food stalls.

Read what I wrote up there again and read what I countered as absolutely not true.
The other person said and I quote"Akara sellers make more money than PhD holders" of cause that is not absolutely true because there are also PhD holders who are worth billions in Nigeria today.
Also as a point of correction, I never said anything about looking down on anyone, so learn to quote others in the right context at all times.

So you have time to reply the lazy youth. Why haven't the Akara seller made billions and leave selling by the road side and endangering her life. Lazy youths with no future ambition besides Yahoo Yahoo, sports betting, drugs and porn will always comment nonsense  before thinking

NURTW is the largest trade association in Nigeria and they've been around for decades and we are yet to see the chaos or whatever doom and gloom you are talking about.
This association regardless of education is better managed than many organizations in Nigeria, even better than government agencies.
There are school dropouts billionaires all over the world so I don't get your point.
Talking about career growth, MC was their treasurer just a few years ago, now he's the chairman in Lago so obviously they have their own formula that works for them.

Bunch of criminals

Lazy youth, no vex me this morning ooo.
Is selling akara and making my millions on the side of the road your business or mine?
Poor people and their poor mentality.

Me poor? I can feed you for centuries. Pray for another lockdown so that I can adopt you and feed you.

Please, show us facts/proof that they actually did everything you listed.
No need to turn this topic into your usual trolling and comedy.

Sorry. I did not know that I have been arguing with Agbero. I shouldn't bring myself to your level. You can take on the Northern Almajaris, they are your mates and social class

Nothing is absolute, but the possibility is there that akara seller can make more money than a PHD holder.

This is very true and that is why Igbo land is filled with kidnappers with your father ready to join as that is the only thing that pays over there. May it never be well with your entire household and the entirety of your unborn generation. 

In those decades, what innovation has come of it asides, carrying cane and flogging drivers?
Do you have school dropouts managing government affairs?
On what ground did he become a treasurer managing monies of the populace?... an accountant or a tout?
There is really no point arguing with you.. you would bring down my reasoning..

Both guys at the end of each argument are actually making sense, buh one can't forget Kokozaria is a thug who's made a fortune in thuggery. He's in cohorts with MC who receives direct order from most well meaning politicians.
Kokozaria is one hell of an individual, if you know you know. Buh seriously, life isn't balanced. Olohun!
Even some yahoo guys and fraudsters have made more money than a professor, does that mean we should all engage in fraud?

You are a troll after all.. 

Well said

- . You're trying to educate the uneducatables, Good luck with that, because you will need it.
-Most people in Nigeria due to poor education, poor nutrition, absolute poverty and lack of good role models, do struggle to differentiate between good and bad.
-Any Nation with a hierarchical system not based on competence will always head toward destruction as corruption shamelessly takes centre stage and no questions ask.
-If you ask for the income tax receipt of many of these overnight millionaires and billionaires, they will rather start a war than happily present it.
-Nigeria is dead, 100%.

This is how lunatic feed people from your region of the country ba. E-trouble, E-feeding fools with foolish reasoning. 

You guys barely reason, now o believe when people say Nigeria needs serious orientation.

Were you present because you too be tout?
Must you people lie and make up tales? 

Many successful Igbo business men I know can barely write their own names. Wealth does not go around looking for the most educated only.

You don't know what you saying

Yorubas don't value education?  This one is typing from the psychiatric hospital.  If Yorubas don't value education, is it the Northern  Almajaris that value education or the products of baby factories in Biafra or the lazy creek thugs from South-South?
You need to complete your treatment at the psychiatric hospital

Koko Zaria is not the deputy chairman of Lagos NURTW. Alhaji Suleiman Ojora Kudeti is the deputy chairman. Get your facts right before publishing falsehood.

Recycle news all over nairaland

Only ignorant, illiterate and unintelligent agbero like you make claims that you can not prove with facts;
Your mates dey progress and doing better things in life, but poor villagers like you dey shout education?
Bunch of poor losers,

Tony kabaka go dey regret why him come from Edo state. All him counterparts for other states dey build hotels, his own was demolished

Zaria na loyal boy for MC

How did you know the money came from extortion? I'm just curious.

Welcome to Lagos where thuggery pays!!!

The time to complain is over man. 2023 is around the corner, lets join hands to use our intelligence and knowledge garnered in school to sack all these illiterates sitting on the destiny of many. Money no be everything. There is a limit to where money can reach in politics.  The recent #endsars protests in which youths openly rejected politicians largesse and the recently concluded American Elections especially in a republican dominated state of Georgia where GOP wasted nearly a billion dollars are a proof. Yes, we can. The onus is on you an I

I can assure you, you won't get a sensible answer.


you are fool. South west has more thugs than south south. We don't have thugs down here in the south. Fool

You just corrected yourself by adjusting your statement that lead me to quoting your post in the first instance.

These are the kind of individuals in Nigeria and you think Nigeria would move forward. Tweh. These phd holders other countriew are making arrangement for them to migrate.

Only in Nigeria is where this works

PhD holders continue with the ceaseless ASUU strike talks with Buhari to add 20k to their salaries.

Probably you don't know where he is coming from, may I remind you that the money this people are spending thank God it's an investment, it's an extortion from people?
What contribution do they have to governance than to be used as thugs majorly during election.
They collect money bus stop by bus stop, now they re even collecting from private cars once they transport people.
Do you know that causes increase to the tfares we expend?
Do you know how uneasy a bike man have to struggle to pay even though it may cover upto his 4-5 trips in the morning alone?.
We celebrate mediocrity in Nigeria generally.
God help us

Money that they have stolen from commercial bus drivers and motorcyclists. What is his source of income? Do they even remit the so called taxes they collect to the government? THIEVES!!!

they dont know nothing happens in isolation, they dont know the economic space is a web, one way or the other, anything is connected to every other thing --i wonder how all these people that defend rubbish reason....

Nowhere there is no thugs,keep your notion to yourself.

shut up please. You when never chop they boast of feeding someone for centuries. Go and give the money to your mom, so she can buy foodstuffs

Koko Zaria is sitting on your destiny?
Is koko Zaria collecting your federal government monthly allocation? Is he your governor? Is he your minister or rep? Is he formulating and instituting programs and policies to manage your life? Is he responsible for your roads, bridges, hospitals, schools and so on?
Lazy Nigerian youths and misplaced priorities are like brothers and sisters.

Tout and Agboro make it easily in lagos than real normal graduate. But Nigeria as a whole that is what is still happening too. This country is real shithole.

Having a PHD is not a guarantee to anything Just so you know

Just look at the chain he is wearing and yet most of them can't even speak good English.

See your life...You need deep thinking Mr Phd... Success has nothing to do with Education... So stop saying trash...

Can you proof that this man is extorting money from you or any Nigerian?
Show us proof that he is extorting money.
Fact is, you are all liars, you just make up stories just to display your usual  and jealousy because your fellow man is progressing better than you?
What's next? He robbed a bank?
You better face your hustle and stop unnecessary arguement..

What people especially lagosians don't know is that,these guys rob them everyday in the name of various levies, illegal levies imposed on danfo drivers and okada riders. How many danfo drivers can afford to build such hotel? 
This is one hell of a shithole country indeed.

I come in peace

Being a Graduate has nothing to do with Success....Get that right...

dont get his statement wrong. we are not wired to think only the educated deserve ti be rich. what he is saying that even a PHD holder who deserve to be rich cannot find his footing in Nigeria which is a bad thing.

Al over the world, mafias , drug dealers make enough money

That's an unreasonable statement and please suck it back to where it came come.
We Yorubas value education more than anything, we have always valued education and the facts is glaring when you look round and discover that practically most Yorubas have obtained one degree or the other even though they aren't using the degree or certificates to work. To your surprise, I can tell you that even the MC Oluomo has a degree and also the other guy. I am not a fan of these people but becareful the way you open your dirty mouth and come here to say what you know nothing about. As at today In Nigeria, Yorubas are still the most educated according to statistical review, however, who does that help? 
Also, I know you are a masquerade pretending to be a Yoruba..... stop been fake please....

... I don't think you are normal

What's good about the mentality of a people that exalt thuggery and gangsterism and see it as a virtue to be praised and defended? You should really be ashamed of yourself but of course we know mad people don't have any shame.

What he said is the absolute truth. Thuggery pays and is even celebrated in the south west.

Is a Phd holder's monnery misfortune the fault of Koko Zaria or what's Phd holder got to do with Koko Zaria?
You don't have to rephrase what he said, we know what he said and was he was getting at, he was looking down on Koko Zaria as undeserving of wealth and successes before a Phd holder.


The most educated are not wired to be the wealthiest otherwise, but they are in the employment of Bill Gates, Dangote and the wealthiest.  Bill Gates has invested S7billion for discovery of coronavirus vaccine. The scientists will do the job but Bill Gates will take the financial profit. Scientists get paid their wages. Wealth does not come to you because you are well educated. Favour makes the difference.
The transport sector was left in the hands of NURTW by government and the members are making the most of it. Blame should be to the government and not to the man who is making use of the opportunity at his disposal. The business of defending motorists rests with government and motorists too who feel it is a misnomer can revolt. That's how society gets better.
Do not get too angry.

are they in government? you people should learn to hate less.

Congratulation

It's your destiny they are sitting on boy, but you are just so myopic to note this. I have climbed the ladder to the sea shores already. I can never be poor again as long as God lives. The ticket they tear and give to motorists, how much of that money are they remitting to the government purse? The jobs they do are supposed to be taken over by graduates who would do things differently and in more efficient and transparent manner. Jobs would have been created and someone like you parading the streets would have at least had a place to work and earn a living. Part of that money they collect on the roads which they did not spend a dime to construct, would be used to maintain those roads. They collect millions of naira daily on just one street but  only to watch the roads cut into 2 halves, causing accidents  before the government would now come to fix it. Who knows if your relation or yourself had fallen victim of such bad street roads in the past sef.  You have just proven with your comment that you are one of those whose lives have been mortgaged by these illiterate morons. The earlier you set yourself free, the better. It's never too late.

If you are going to come up with the same tried and played out tout and thuggery rubbish, shouldn't you first show us the thuggery and gangster act he committed?
Curb your hatred,  and jealousy and pray to God to bless you in whatever you are doing to enjoy similar success in life,

nobody does a PhD to make more money, at least in the developed world. PhD is all about passion for one's area of research. Never do a PhD to make money, such thinking would end up making  you depressed. Entrepreneurs make money. The world richest people  aren't PhD holders but real risk takers. Some are even dropped out. Bill gate of Microsoft, Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook, Steve Jobs of Apple and Jack Dorsey of Twitter all dropped out of university.
One thing about entrepreneurship, it either makes you rich or  you lose all your money, it's  a real risk!

How is he sitting on my destiny?
You didn't even answer my question.
Is koko Zaria collecting your federal government monthly allocation? Is he your governor? Is he your minister or rep? Is he formulating and instituting programs and policies to manage your life? Is he responsible for your roads, bridges, hospitals, schools and so on?
Why are you people so obsessed with  and jealousy?
Na God bless the man and your evil desires and  can not take away his success.  

With , bike riders money , bus driver's sweat , and you guyz are here clapping and hailing this foolish thieves , go outside and see what dey do everyday , fools .

Because you are educated, you want to relegate those who aren't but are actually more in number than you.
Good luck with that.

You posted the right comment in a wrong forum, in a wrong country, at a wrong time when the mindset of the people has been skewed to criminality. 
 
then you'll see the demented minds who will like your tweets. Everything is wrong with this country  
 
Simple.
God Bless you.

Very soon impostors like you living among us will be fished out and sent back to Damaturu where you comes from. that you and your family have been living with us in Yoruba land for a long time doesn't mean we have accepted you as one of us.

Are you really trying to deny the thuggery of Mc Oluomo and his gang of louts? Like seriously are you really this stupid to go that route? You are either the most delusional human being on earth or you are the dumbest liar ever to walk the earth?

 You will always support evil. I don't know why

Nigeria is actually an insane society at the moment. If we are not careful, the sane people will end up as roasted meat in their own country  
 

You are a smart mind!

I have answered your question...Your comment, I repeat, suggests to me you are one of those whose lives have been mortgaged by those you mentioned...the ministers, the reps, the federal government, name it. When the head is bad, the remaining part of the body would be affected. Stop voting ineptitude and that's the only way you can set yourself free.  Sack their godfathers and their empire would fall . APC= PDP. Until this is done, do not expect miracles.

You missed the entire point of his post. If a non phd holder works hard legitimately then of course it's very possible he or she can earn much more than a phd holder but the post you quoted is talking about the tragedy of a nation that rewards and praises thuggery and gangsterism while making it an uphill those that decided to follow an honourable path to success.

 Can you do what they do?

I'm not denying anything, I just asked you to back up what you posted with facts so stop dodging.
Show us proof and facts that he engaged in thigery and gangster activities.
You people lie and come up with fake rubbish and when asked to show proof or back up your claims with facts, you start dodging with irrelevant rubbish.

Require well trained and educated people. What is education? Education is not just about going to school or university. This guys are well trained and educated on what they do. you think it is easy to manage a body where everyone is almost depressed, frustrated and take drugs to meet day-to-day targets. These guys have very good people management skill. They should be a research on how to manage their union members. It would be difficult for a university graduate to manage that body

You see how this people are  sharing Lagos money. First it was two of Oluomo's wives that open their duplexes, now his deputy has opened his hotel.

 Are you trying to compare education with illiteracy? One educated fellow is worth more than 1m illiterates. Why do you think northern politicians keep holding sway among their people? It's not a matter of number oo. 
Do you agree you are even more learned that most of those in power but have remained where you are because you have been unable to unleash your full potentials? think about it

I blame half baked education for those supporting an opaque union whom extort bus drivers, truck drivers and traders with or without violence and reveling in their ill gotten wealth. 
You're slowly but surely tilting the next generation to exploring criminal paths in order to acquire wealth. 
Your wish for development akin to developed countries has become even narrower! Facts!!

NURTW exists in other states in Nigeria but they are strictly regulated by government.
In Lagos it is actually a free for all.
We lagosians know the truth about MC Oluomo and his ilk no matter how you try to whitewash them

information is subjective. If Nigeria was a sane country, we should be asking how an Agbero can afford to open such a business.

They think education means the four walls of a university. Very ignorant I must say.

Wisdom!!!

When you are saying this of the most educated tribe in Nigeria, then something must be wrong with you.

stop saying irrelevancies, don't conjoin failure on government part on who is achieving in life.
i am sure if your brother thats uneducated. achieve you won't say this.
Success is not attached to education.

The fault with this your comment is that you have given up on a better means or initiative.. do you know there are private organization commuter buses in Lagos less than a year but people book with apps and barcodes while they pick you up from bus tops?.
Do you ever think we can achieve an Uber or taxify system with our minds tilted this way and the transport system lorded by touts?

Exactly , our usual tradition is to hail thieves .

...but this is a reflection of your own ignorance because the man is not an agbero, that's your own made up rubbish.
The man is a hard working and hustling Nigerian, he's even a Nollywood actor with many movies to his credit.
Is a Phd holder making money in Nollywood like Kozo Zaria.
Are you arrogant people looking down on this man also in Nollywood movies making money?
Hatred, bitterness, jealousy and looking own on other people won't open your path to success.

Seems Agbero work pays well in this part of the world.

The looting of public funds either by a PhD holder or NURTW official  should be condemned. Most Nigeria presidents are educated upto degree level, with Jonathan having even a PhD. So the destruction of Nigeria State was caused by educated people!
I'm not here to downplay this achievement but...  

 We the Yoruba Muslims are truth Sayers more than our Christian brothers

define hustling. This is the word you people use to slap to the concept of someone who does not have a tangible line of business. I did not know now that Nollywood makes actors multimillionaires. I am also interested in acting. I can act very well. 

If I were Governor of Lagos state, I will enact law to banish this thieves... Money ythey gather are not accounted for and it runs to billions of naira. The structure you are seeing there, are money you and I paid indirectly to union members via increased in park charge by agbero.
These are money that should have gone to local government. The most painful part is that the park they are using to make this money are our taxed money use in building these parks.
Nigerians, think and be logical... Our local government are not getting what this thieves are making on our own infrastructure

No one is stating success is attached to education..  but for a sector patronized by government and deals with taxes of the masses, it should be lead by educated people that would bring growth initiative.
We all like to take Uber and taxify today, can the current hierarchy of NURTW think such?

please sir you have made vital point only the wise and reasonable can see 
May GOD save us from gullible NIGERIANS

Even the so-called educated people are as bad as these thugs.
We see Lecturers extorting students every now and then.The fact that you are educated does not mean you deserve the right to live a prosperous life than people who are not as educated as you alone.
No one gives a flying sucker about your numerous degrees

And you cannot logically deduce that it is that large fees they collected from their members that transcended into you paying more transport fares than you should have as a commuter, thereby reducing your spending power.
That thug is using your money to build that splendid hotel with no sweat.

are government paying them salaries or allocation? they feed from the money you paid to your taxi and bus drivers
bamboon dey work, monkey dey chop

make pant dey wear you there, congratulations to your likes that have normalise stupidity for the populace

Koko Zaria Nollywood movies, God Bless You and your hustle.
No weapon formed against you shall prosper 

I won't bring myself to your level. You will win me with your many years experience in stupidy and absudity.

You are very intelligent

So it's just a guess work? If they are Union, and they agree to the tax, how then is it a problem? Are you a road driver? 
I think if you have issues with them, you attend your meeting and iron it out.

One educated person is worth more than 1  million illiterates?
 
I take it you are among these educated individuals right?

The uneducated are also part of the society , if government begins to patronise erudites in all her dispensation, what will be the fate of the uneducated ones
I don't support looting anyway but this world was not formed on books and school alone.

...excuse me, you are already in the stupidity and absurd level for lying and tarnishing the reputation of other people and making claims that you can not prove with facts.Look in the mirror for stupidity and absurdity.

 You're not a Yoruba by your comment, you're not a Nigerian by your opinion, you're just an animal

stop defending them because your dad is one of them, what advantages is the unionism to Nigeria? or to the helpless drivers? see, you need to upgrade your thinking level to be able to relate with my point

 the problem of this country is the majority of stupid people we have as citizen

Yes the uneducated are also part of the society, but what then would be the struggle of you and myself and even the same un-educated today struggling to take our kids through school when a person who never cared attains government acknowledged positions?.
Why dont we recruit the uneducated as teachers if we have decided to throw caution and nation building to the wind.
If we are giving the uneducated a reason to remain uneducated, why then are we fighting bokoharam?

I approve this post 100%.

Whatever! One educated man is worth more than 1m illiterates i reiterate. Northern Nigeria is a case study and one educated man can do what over 1m illiterates can't. It's not a matter of number. You are ignorant of what you do not know, except you learn about it.

I should rather then support your baseless disposition? I have my head intact to think for myself, I wont just support your argument just because you have issues with someone's success. 
They are in Union, they decided how they are taxed. Its their business not mine. Did he steal federal government's money or was he reported to have looted anywhere? If not, why then should I worry myself on other people's matter if not due to pure hate? 
If he was your brother, would you have told him to demolish the hotel and send the money back to the owners? I am trying to figure out what your so called point is. Wise man.

He can't even dare to face him one on one

Hatred, bitterness and jealousy because I don't see any sense in their argument.

You have no understanding of democracy neither do you understand man management. 
Exactly the same kind of statement that made Jonathan lose the 2015 presidential election after his wife called the northern children "born throway ".

Even apprentice  like electrician, rewire and shopkeeper and so on are all receiving education.
It's even funny that the so called Northern illiterates are doing better than you, even their governors are more productive than your useless kerosene and wheelbarrow governors. 

 You have just digressed from the main topic.  Jonathan lost because he abetted corruption and I was one of those who sent him to otuoke.
Anyway, have a nice day. Work has started

And who made you the spokesperson for Yoruba? Go ask that question in aba,uche. I don't really understand why igbos are so obsessed with Lagos affairs.

This is how they denigrate and look down on other people. I'd understand if they are better that the people they insult and denigrate with their ignorance and bigotry, but they are not.

When you do your research well , you will know that everyone need to move into thuggery ..If that's the building , then Thief-nubu has really done well because there is no way on Earth a thug will succeed in carrying out such a wonderful ideas.. 
Note : thugs think like thugs . They should continue to praise thief-nubu because even the Lagos start government won't come out like this...

I almost wanted to defend you, but then you nailed it with your master class reply. Nigeria is what it is, and human cerebral value is never appreciated. Imagine thugs making it big, while highly valuable brain languish in penury.

I wonder why the Phd president failed so miserable that even as you claimed, you voted him out of office.

Others get money and use it to spray in clubs, buy drinks at quilox and carry video vixens and actresses. He used he's for an investment. To me it's worth commending

Probably you don't know where he is coming from, may I remind you that the money this people are spending thank God it's an investment, it's an extortion from people?
What contribution do they have to governance than to be used as thugs majorly during election.
They collect money bus stop by bus stop, now they re even collecting from private cars once they transport people.
Do you know that causes increase to the transport fares we expend?
Do you know how uneasy a bike man have to struggle to pay even though it may cover upto his 4-5 trips in the morning alone?.
We celebrate mediocrity in Nigeria generally.
God help us

The worst governor in my region is far more better than the best governor up north and that still boils down to education, which we have been talking about. Many governors in the north are not qualified to be a local government chairmen in my region. Several states in the north can not even boast of IGR to fund projects, na federal government be their source of survival...another importance of education. The kerosene governor you mentioned is not even from my state or region, even at that, his state is far better than several northern states put together. Those governors and politicians in the north would continue to override their people for as long as they are being denied education. The denial is a deliberate move by their leaders to keep milking them, too bad! The difference between education and illiteracy is farther than north  and south. You see, education is invaluable my friend, take it or you leave it.

Bless you

Do you think I'm from Malawi and I don't know you people?
please stop the comedy.. 

it won't be better for you as you defend these thugs!  

Very ugly hotel, no style 
She should have googled pictures of hotels online first, all these guys always reveal their razz heads, those chandeliers  

I am not defending illiteracy but however you can't eliminate it from our society based on many factors.

And he's also an actor and he's in many Nollywood movies. The man is not a lazy man..

Thank you for this.

Back to you and the rest of your hateful, bitter, jealousy and  household. 

It is all about what a society value. If Motor Park thugs are more valuable than going to school upto highest level, then all hope is lost.

Public funds, only in Nigeria.

....at least he is not denying his heritage like you masking to be a Yoruba man, I won't blame you, a mad man won't be proud of your flawed lineage.

We are in 2020 with one month to 2021 and all they think of in APC is war and rotation for 2023 presidency 
Interesting times ahead...

Tinubu should allow them , APC can't go from a Muslim to another Muslim

Super story

all this long story is for south easterner to be President in 2023 but in jesus name no way

Agreement Should Be Honoured.

Anyone is free to say what they wanna say and hustle for whatsoever, but as far as OMENKA (note, I am speaking for ONLY myself) is concerned, NO REGION deserves the APC ticket more than the Sounth West, and none deserves the PDP ticket more than the South East.
Thank you.

Does Fashola's meaning of SOUTH mean SOUTHEAST ?, or just tactics to gain momentum on south zoning.

This submission of yours is devoid of substance

If it comes south, natural justice supports it be given to the SE. I hope those clamoring for south, especially the likes of Fashola from the SW understand this. A scenario where you want a Swesterner whose zone have produced both the President (eight) years and Vice-President (eight) years since 1999 cannot be talking of 2023. The same applies to the NW, who have produced Vice-President twice (16 years), and President twice (10) years by 2023.
If the SW keeps asking for Presidency come 2023, it will push the north to agitate for the Presidency as well. Both the APC and PDP should promote a SEastern flagbearer for fairness. And when the SE has completed their tenure, it goes to the NE.

I just hope that eastern politicians will do well to stay away while these two parasitic groups cancel themselves out. You can see the Yoruba politicians talking up "the south" as if they were fighting for the whole south the time they reached such inglorious agreements with the north. Tinubu was the one who started a fake "southern governors forum"  to help Obasanjos presidency then. Everybody attended! He will encourage Fashola to start similar moves again during the Jonathan's administration and eastern governors will join him at Lagos to discuss about some so-called "southern interests", all decked in traditional uniform! Once Tinubu got Jonathan removed, the southern nonsense stopped and his group started talking only about the south West political sophistication and all that. They have now been cornered again and they have started looking for numbers! This time, easetern politicians should avoid getting involved in Tinubus war with the north. No southern coalition should be enhanced! Let him finally stew and marinate in his own juice! Eastern interests are eastern interests and Yoruba interests are Yoruba interests. Everybody should fight his or her own fights..

It's either they zone it to south east or everyone goes their separate ways

Fashola should stop spreading fake news.BTW if zoning is to be implemented then both the SW/NW/SS  should have no business contesting.
The other regions NE/SE/MB should try their luck too.
It is sheer hypocrisy for the SW to contest and at the same time wants to stop the north from contesting

Well said. Southern unity died in 2015 when the SW sided with the North against a Southern presidency

These SW politicians are very cunning. There will make it look as if there are fighting for the South while there are actually promoting a SW agenda

There is no way this dude is from benue. He has always promoted SW political interests

Don't know why they attach Benue to his name. Could be he lived in Benue for long and can use his mastery of the place and the politics to confuse the uninitiated into thinking he is from there. . .  Just as someone was saying in another thread that it was northerners that were putting up all those anti east/igbo/ipob threads. Northerners are not that desperately treacherous! I can swear with my fat toe it's the Tinubu media hirelings perforating every thread with all sorts hate and envy..

That's all they know ..party politics and election .

Natural justice is reaping what you sow and reaping from where you sow. There is no free lunch.

And yet you got free lunch in 1999? Dey there be deceiving yourselves.

Yes, I am from south west, just as you're from Adamawa, same village compound as Atiku.
Stop killing yourself over where I'm from. It is not gonna ameliorate your misery in any way.

You are talking like newbie here. omenka is a Yoruba man

Then allow the North to reap from where they sowed and quit been a hypocrite

Are you not tired of empowering the foolani?

Maybe it's time to prove that no one has a monopoly of empowering the fulanis

south west didnt get free lunch in 1999.
They fought for it from the moment south west presidency was aborted by ibb after Abiola won free and fair election in 1993, South west leaders didnt relent on getting their mandate back, the put in strong pressure to get their mandate back. They build bridges and formed alliance through Nadeco to fight the military until they relinquish power back to west.
Unfortunately the rightful owner of the mandate died in the struggle and obasanjo was the beneficiary.
Igbos should stop wailing, they should go to battlefield with others nobody will give them presidency on a platter

My dear if all his trousers are Jeans and he forces you to wash them when they are dirty, you are dating a CULTIST! 

The man is public official collecting public money too?

Lazy rant by lazy people. 

you're just a modern imbeciles, I made my opinion about what I found as abnormality and you're blabbing about support nonsense
support your nurtw tout and save me the imbecility quoting
it's not new to someone like me that we have the most stupid people in this country

It's fools like you that keep making this great nation be in turmoil. Just imagine millions of your type in a nation... Exactly why Nigeria is messed up.
Once again... bros, it won't better for you and your generations!  

More grease to the engine in your skull.

His PHD result was seen in the economy in his government compared to that of his predecessors and buhari, his successor. Nigeria had it good during his tenure and am sure you can compare with the current administration except you want to be biased. I know how much I buy one dollar now.  Go find out why the APC Governors paid Jonathan a visit recently. Google is your friend.  That he abetted corruption is not the same of him being corrupt...most of the apc's tools being used today including TSA to check corruption and all the projects he had done up to a reasonable level  are his initiatives. Had he got another 4 years which we denied him by allowing corruption to hold sway, he too would have completed some without even borrowing much. That you are educated does not mean you can not allow corruption to hold sway all in the name of being loyal to party members. He had a robust economic team and some of his team are holding international appointments today on merit. I remember Akinwumi adesina. APC had not initiated a single project since 2015 and i dare you mention one that you know.  Jonathan projects have kept them busy since 2015.  Even his major critic APC senator from Borno said last Saturday that he apologised for all his criticisms. 
If as a leader, those who voted you in office say, oga, sack diezani because she's corrupt, do not remove sanusi the then CBN governor because he exposed diezani but,  do the needful and because of your personal relationship with her, you kept her, you stand to be dealt with  by the electorate and that's exactly what we the electorates did, thinking buhari would check all that, including insecurity but alas...things are even getting worse.. what more can I say? have a nice day

ITS VERY TRUE, DEPENDING ON THE PLACE THEY FRY THEIR AKARA, AND THE FIELD THE PHD HOLDER MIGHT BE IN.

The problem with most Nigerians is job segregation, we believe that some jobs ought to be at the upper strata and some at the lower part, that is why teachers are looked down despite how sensitive that occupation is.
ethics of work dictates that no work/job is inferior, the society is a complex system where every body no matter the work you do must be productive for the system to run smoothly, what is the buzz of having a PhD? it is not a pathway to riches and by the way, most PhD holders in Nigeria are just being called doctors for nothing sake,their PhD has zero practicability.
People condemn koko Zaria for being a thug and getting his money through unclean means, if you are very familiar with  some universities in Nigeria, you will know that getting PhD is not basically about intellect but politics, so the rot is everywhere.

Hold on I guess you don't even understand my response,...someone mentioned NURTW as against professors... And my point of arguement is that...this thugs (agberos) forcefully get money from bus drivers ,bike man etc for nothing...the money is not used for anything developmental to the society than settling bosses in there homes.
It's not bad belle, please reason with your brain and not fingers...

YES A TOUT HEADS IT, BECAUSE THATS A POSITION THAT A TOUT WOULD HANDLE WELL (NURTW). DO YOU EXPECT A PASTOR OR A GENTLEMAN TO CONTROL THOSE AGBEROS IN THAT FIELD OF government RECOGNIZED UNION

 See the value system we have in the country. These people are glorified agberos. What's their offical take home pay? We just celebrate corruption in this country.

The Nigerian economy wasn't better.
It was simply buoyed by the price of oil which was the highest it had ever been and was sustained throughout his tenure.
Only an idiot would compare what 100 dollar oil does to 30 dollar oil.

Nigerian is messed up because one man invested his money to start a business and create jobs for your fellow Nigerians and IGR for the government to build your schools, hospitals, your roads and bridges?
No, Nigeria is messed up because of backward and upside down thinking people like you.

SENSE WILL NOT KILL YOU MY GEE.
GO TO ONITSHA MAIN MKT OR OBOSI MKT IN ONITSHA AND SEE HOW MANY OF BILLIONAIRES THERE HAVE PHD OR EVEN WAEC CERTS...... .
MONEY DONT REALLY CARE IF YOU READ CAMBRIDGE COUPLED WITH OXFORD AND TOPPED IT OFF WITH HAVARD, JUST PUT YOURSELF IN THE  POSITION TO CREATE VALUE FOR PEOPLE, AND YOU ARE THERE.

Strong men

You see what I mean. You can never outgrow your stupidity. Fools like you thrive in a society of anarchy where crooks, rogues, thugs and miscreants rule!  

I still don't know why you are mad and frustrated because of another man's success in life. 

Did he steal from you? Do you have any proof to back this up

Very correct .
Lots of professors in a particular state in the south west. Are they any better than the mediocres only to flaunt that they are PHD holders . 
Professorship impact on the society at large like in other climes they are appreciated for research and development .

 . Is it about Phd or what you hold. Look at how a graduate thinks.

I'm not mad at "success", I'm mad at oppressors of innocent citizens, murderers, thugs, touts, rogues etc... If this is what you refer to as success then, I see why you're what you are. It's a pity though...   

So you think the NURTW can't be like the UBER platform we enjoy today?..  it only needs the right people.
What change or innovation has come to the NURTW since its existence?.. How come the BRT in a short period towers over it?

Facts.... A country where blood stained hands control its wealth.

yorubas have made agbero lucrative for their youths.....from owo mi da to big boys who are used for elections 
while the common ones are following tinubu as fools

You have spoken well!! 
You indeed have spoken well

STRUCK DUMB WHEN I SEE THE BUILDING !!!!!!
Nowhere else in the world does this happen, public funds ought to be used for the good of society, not into people's bank account. These money are paid by members of the public to danfo and public buses drivers.

he's the nephew of Bishop David Oyedepo ,he made this known during one of his interview with newsmen sometimes last year. he's from omu-aran in  Kwara state.
There was some reports saying, Bishop Oyedepo admonished most of family members to convert to Christianity or else he wouldn't offer them any financial help, hence he's not having any relationship with them.
well, congratulations man, everyone deservers a good living.

Congrats to him, he doesn't use it to smoke weed and carry woman

Read what he wrote up there again and what I do not agree with. 
However, something can not be "VERY TRUE" or Absolutely true if it has conditions it must pass.
That was exactly what I tried to correct in the OP's remark.. Making us feel like it's worthless to have a PhD degree.

1million illiterates are potential 1million educated fellows. I want to believe you're well read to comprehend.

what makes them Mafia men?

students are home for up to a year because they refuse to settle the lecturer, how many of Nigeria lecturers who are imbibing knowledge in your dumb blockhead can afford to send their kids to abroad at a time like Oluomo? even with the little they are earning and trying to sort other means federal government is blocking it and you're defending a tout just because you benefitted from Nigeria useless system
some of you don't worth existing as a human, you're just a prototype of robot

Lagos is a country on her own, if not for Cabal in Lagos politics, it expected of her to have leave other Nigeria states from abject poverty and development that sycophant have reduced them to

Money stop nonsense.

there is money in this nurtw o and these guys are banking big from it

These guys are not ordinary. you can't rule NURTW if you are not strong.

What is this one saying?
In a sane country will these touts even have any place in the government to the point of gaining  recognition.
Please delete that lame post of yours.

NIGERIAN LEADERS JUST KEEP SURPRISING ME

YOU ARE JUST BEATING AROUND THE BUSH.... NOBODY SAID EVERY AKARA SELLER EARNS MORE THAN PHD DEGREE HOLDERS AND NOBODY SAID THAT EVERY PHD HOLDERS EARNS MORE THAN AKARA SELLERS...ITS VERY RELATIVE BTW THE TWO, DEPENDING ON THEIR AREAS.
AND IF YOU WANT TO FEEL WORTHLESS WITH YOUR PHD, ITS UP TO YOU TO FEEL WORTHLESS OR IMPORTANT.....
NOBODY SHOULD MAKE YOU FEEL INFERIOR WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT AND YOU MAKE YOURSELF IMPORTANT AS YOU WANT TO MAKE YOU.

THE RIGHT PEOPLE TO CONTROL WHICH PEOPLE
CRAZY PEOPLE

Going by the name of their union they own transport companies.  Yes, Nigeria is upside down but they are not the reason Nigeria is upside down. If people call out your beloved politicians for the crimes they've committed you would probably be in the first line of defense.  
Nigeria is one of the few countries her PhD holders are not inventive and innovative.  
People like Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates never had degrees but they are doing well. People like Elon Musk, the google co-founders and a host of others have multiple degrees and are doing well.
Many with or without degrees are not doing well.
It all depends on individuals.  
Yes, these men may have made it through crime or their close affiliation to political figures but people can still make clean money in Nigeria.  The problem is we are not imaginative,  we don't have patience and we don't seek knowledge.  
The mindset of most Nigerians have to change! You don't need the government or criminality to make it big in life.

Crazy people are in all spheres of life, brt drivers were once molue drivers, some uber drivers were once danfo drivers..
Change is constant.

What else will you say when in your cocoon it is the norm. A person spends ages to enlighten himself and even become a professor of law, but alas in the land of the ignobles, you still have to work under a waec holder as president, because that's laziness, shame to all you who thrive in dirty swamp instead of draining the swamp. We will remain what we are if our value system is so warped and education so degraded.

You are wise man

it's not and can never be

see my life.. i knew one fine boy tax collector at Aguda Conoil years ago ooh - I should have fallen for his toasting back then

Money plenty for Nigeria.

Really, if we are to be meticulous here, how much money does he earn in a month legitimately ?

I was thinking I would say "retard", but by the end I realised it was building up to a fine point.

This is a true confession, and worthy of emulation. Ndume has confessed, and apologize.

Really? It took him a date with kuje prison to realise his bigotry.
Nice one.

On that last day, they will all confess like a witch

For admitting and then confessing your sin, you are hereby forgiven.

Jonathan should stay away from APC or prepare for premium tears.

Why is APC  desperately  in need of Jonathan?

GEJ was the best civilian president Nigeria ever had after Yar'Adua. Please Sen. Ali Ndume, I remember clearly how you support and sponsored our present leader. Please sir don't complain let's enjoy the ride till 2023.

you haven't seen anything

  ... but isn't it too late?

They want GEJ to takeover from Buhari and do a single term so bad so that they will return and do another 8 years.

They think they are clever but a fact is this country is thoroughly messed up now under Buhari.So they're looking for who will bear the brunt of their mess.
Jonathan will be the biggest fool if he take the fall for this their political calculation.Meanwhile, Nigeria must restructure or divide.

Jonathan was corrupt to the core and he allowed corruption to fester in PDP and in his cabinet

Only that Buhari fumbled, GEJ would have remained the worse President of Nigeria.
Very irresponsible and incompetent and some people will come and say GEJ is there hero.
God punish all of you selling GEJ 2023 to us. 
No more PDP no more APC simple.

because of buhari you all hate igbo  and killed igbos in the north when he lost in 2011
2015, you almost set Nigeria ablaze because of buhari. Oh I forgot your hatred for igbo is the only thing uniting Nigeria since 1889

never romance yourself with a known enemy, pls. #Jonathan.

This self centred ethnic jingoist must be a devil for introducing ethnicity into the discussion here. What has this topic got to do with Igbo hating and whether anyone hates Igbo or not should not and cannot stop the Igbo people from preparing
Focus on the discussion.

Greedy fools.

Are you now saying Bubu that is not valued/being criticized will be appreciated after he's gone? 

Jonathan wasn't better either.
We wouldn't have had a better country if Jonathan was still president.

Let an Igbo replace PMB, terrorism and banditry in the north shall be over in a jiffy.
Boko Haram and bandits are led by Nigerians, not foreigners.

I wish i could like this over and again

Anybody that comes at me with Jonathan bullshit in 2023 thunder will strike you

During GEJ with all his corruption allegation, how was the standard of living of an average Nigerian compare to this present government of lies and deception.
The same corruption GEJ government was accused of is still festering in this government till date.
I just can't understand this sudden Nothern bromance with GEJ 

My brother your head complete 
Till today I don't know if Goodluck did Nigerians good or Bad

Unfortunately the statistics during GEJ will totally destroy what you have just said.

You need psychological evaluation if truly you can compare GEJ with this vegetative and docile man in Aso rock. Nigeria has never had it this bad. Providence will surely judge you all.

Because they want to deceive him again

Useless politicians with useless ambition who can't forsee tomorrow

Open confession

You are right. But Buhari is not corrupt, yet we see no money, we see no job and no security. Buhari's son security detail was sacked aftermath of the son's motorbike accident; Buhari CSO was changed after bickering  with first lady
Protests in  few southern states led to the disbandment of SARS and a must nation-wide broadcast by the President
The whole world  heard about the Lekki shootings 43 souls down as if nothing happened.
Are we  doommed or cursed in North?
as weak as buhari
As incompetent as buhari
As clueless as buhari

Thank God you know that the lifeless vegetable is weak,clueless and incompetent. The truth is finally coming out .Lies can travel a million years, but it only takes a minute for the truth to reveal it

Buhari stupidity and incompetence have made Gej that ought to be stone to death in a village market look like a saint and Messiah
it's sad that with all the atrocities that happened in Gej government some imbeciles are still praising him, until these bunch of sycophants stop this political comparison, we will never get the right leader 
if Gej was a saint and good as all these naive idiots have been forcing everyone to believe, we won't have this epidemic we have at the helm of our national governance today
Buhari is a national embarrassment, Gej is an international thief

Igbos are part of the originator of the useless project Nigeria. Except you're ignorant about history

What is the difference between then and now with all this you typed orare you on a different planet? Really! What is wrong with you? Or is it just because this is a faceless forum? Anyway God will continue to keep me and rational people comfortable, so let the North enjoy "its blessings" since it's okay to them according to you. 

The decision we take in life either lift us up or let us down. we voted for change and we refuse to ask ourselves some questions before the election. 
Is it positive change or negative change !
Now see the result of the change we voted for. 
may God help us

do know you that northerners  will rather vote shekau than voting for peter obi?what we call suffering in the south is like enjoyment  in the north ,we dont use northerners  to know the suffering in nigeria,suffering  is like enjoyment  to average  northerner  ,you see Nigeria dont care about killing going on in the north,herdsmen  are killing bandit are killing boko haram are slaughtering  people in the north still you people are happy,tufiaaaa northerners

Arrewa which state is safe in Nigeria today? or you think life begin and end with North? Ondo and Ekiti are facing the security of kidnapping as I'm typing and you're yarning dust
please type like a human being, Buhari is an epidemic and I don't expect any sane human to defend his gross incompetency, the same Gej Ndume thief is defending is a fellow thief 
thief defend fellow thief, foolish people everywhere

 you might even be more corrupt than GEJ

the issues raised was not about buhari in any way . How did you manage to squeeze buhari in ? The case here was about nigerians (including ndume) who misunderstood jonathan. Why is it that any time joe is praised or is commended , you guys thinks its to spite buhari ? Each time you hear joe was a good man the next think your brain tells you is : they have insulted buhari. please get lost. Joe's and bubu's competence or the lack of it thereof was not the point here

don't mind the laughable senator and Jonathan jare. 
Buhari is 1000 times better. See that fine bridge in kano, see how peaceful the north is unlike clueless Jonas time. I hear tourist are camping in the lush beautiful peaceful sambisa forest, fishing and kayaking in the lake Chad. The farmers are producing yam and tomatoes plus onions. Poverty has been eradicated. The bandits are now born again and sharing Satchet water. Northerners are shouting  blissfully. They sell fuel 65 only in borno. All this the clueless Jonathan could not achieve. May the North continue to enjoy the blessings. Amen.

Buy some sense please.

Truth be told that the best of Buhari isn't enough for Nigeria ,let the search continues..
You are still REGURGITATING this fable?.
Even the CREATORS have all confessed, RECANTED and moved on.
May God touch you to also SEE THE LIGHT.

Is apologizing for criticizing justly really a virtue JUST because the next leadership is Worse?
This administration has not done well so criticize it what's the point apologizing to a prior (far from perfect) leadership? How low can this get?
Peradventure (and trust me this is very possible) we get a leader worst than PMB in performance come 2023 do we then come back to apologise to Buhari?
When does the apologies end because to me it looks like we've had progressively bad leadership since 1999 should we then keep apologizing to all past leaders?
God help us!

 You are a frustrated human being.

If GEJ was corrupt by 20% then Buhari is corrupt by 120% that is the formula

Your last sentence is a joke and you know it..
Buhari has been a disaster and will pull your people down with him when he is thrown out in 2023..

you are just shameless

As we lay our bed we lie on it.

They are playing with our emotions. This APC party has been lobbying GEJ to join them. 
This statement is a clear indication of that objective towards 2023.

 North is very SAFE now.
 Had jonathan not abetted corruption, he would probably have been the best president in Nigeria.

it's like the thing pain you.

Let the North always remember that when they had a president and all security apparatus under their control, herdsmen walk freely with guns and terrorize the president's own state.

this one is mentally deranged... So, no boko haram again?? those farmers, who killed them? I guess your father!

With Presidents like Buhari, a president like Gej will always be a Saint.
Are these our best?

just as usual hypocrites greedy nepotistic clueless wicked supporters like you are the problem with this nation

Sense is very far from you. I just wish you should have a sober reflection of the Nigeria we have prior to 2015 and the Nigeria we have now. just search your conscience because Karma never forget.

For Jonathan to be better than Buhari shows how terrible Buhari is

The thing with foolish and cursed Igbos like you is that Nigerians are afraid to admit to your father's face they hate you Igbos. I wonder why, till date there is no tribe the Igbos can single out they love.
Igbos do not even love themselves talk more of loving another so if your father wail to death about Nigerians hating Igbos, tell him he is only being paid with the hate cursed Igbos like you spread around and you and your entire household can rot in hell fire with you reply. 
Hating igbo is no crime, 40 million of your father can not force me to love igbo. As cursed Igbo like you know hate, you and your entire household too will be paid with triple as much hate. 
May it never be well with you, and your entire household dead alive and unborn generation till your 7th generation. Amadioha strike you dead one by one. 

All the bombings outside Northeast under GEJ was sponsored by the present government,...the masterminders and the security agents who neglected their duties , got double promotion under this government, it clear , God will expose the real enemies of Nigeria , they cannot hide the truth with politics , the souls of innocents Nigerians killed will hunt All of you

Just thinking out loud, how did we conduct 2015 election in these places with this picture you just painted... Remember that most of the votes came from these places. Please educate me sir

HOW SOME HUMANS REASON IN A VERY STUPID WAY BAFFLES ME ON THIS FORUM

Ignore him, don't fall into his trap by giving him undeserved mention

I doubt if there will ever be any president that will be worst than Buhari, even his records of bad leadership in 1984 he still came back to break it even exceeding it to the extent of taking Nigeria in recession two times in 5 years but the real situation according to real economic indices is 3 times in 5 years

Sorry

WILL YOU SHUT UP THERE!!!

Trash

You haven't seen anything yet, you just started,  you r probably not living in the north, people that said worst than u, are apologizing now to GEJ. 
Those who sponsored bombings outside normal Boko haram bombings in Northeast under GEJ are already apologizing, when. It get to u, you will understand 

Buhari might be stoned out of office before 2023, but Jonathan is no different from Buhari, weak and clueless leaders.

Forget about Jonathan and Buhari. Face reality. Nigeria is in a big mess.
The insurgency experienced during the time of Jonathan was staged and planned. Now their dogs are out of control. 
May we not experience what people in the north are going through. 
What do you think about our current economy? Waiting for your response

So under Jonathan, you can stand surety for a criminal and the person will run away? Listen to this cretin.

Medicine after death, of what use is it? Let them keeping deceiving the gullible fools about any sympathy they have for that Dundee Jonathan.

True. But the fact that you doubt means that the possibility exists. Did we think that a leader worst than PGEJ would take over? See where we are now.
Always know that no matter how bad life is, IT CAN STILL BE WORSE. 
We keep trying and pushing on NOT fawning over a lesser BAD situation.

The way some people reason suprise me
i mean tribalism has eaten deep into their brain to the extent of it controlling what they type
imagine comparing who is worst between buhari and jonathan in terms of security when the handwriting is clear on the wall like the biblical mene mene tekel parsin
same buhari that said an attack on boko haram is an attack on the north?
am suffused with emotional narcolepsy thinking am breathing in the same oxygen with some set of people
 The insurgency was staged & planned by who?

Stop spamming this thread

 Publish the link were he said so?

Truth really did hurt you so bad,well if you like hit your head for wall we all know that buhari is not even up to so go and hug transformer 

you made sense man, I will never forget those days.
I lost a friend to BH boys 
where I reside was a Haven for those bastards
bombing became the norms of the day

When you see them you will know....

Our economy is crumbling only we the young Generation can save Nigeria.
Things will keep getting worse

 Only a brain dead person will compare a Nigerian Military General to a professor of Botany?

Ndume go and settle your issues with Jonathan!!
Buhari is 1000 times better than him!!
Jonathan remain the most cluesles president in the history of Nigeria!! 
I still can remember when my beautiful kano wasn't safe!! 
I still can remember when no where was safe in the north!!
All Buhari need to do is to focuse more on bandits and secure Borno villages just like the cities! 

Rather say, you voted for change.

you condemned and accused GEJ of all political vices!
 Calamities shall rise from and rest in the north!

The north would never forget indeed. If you don't stop codeine diet ASAP you may end up like these 43 rams sacrificed to keep buhari in power.

 No wonder it was said that "the best answer to a fool is silent"

when i realised am breathing in the same oxygen as you, i got misty-eyed... tribalism has eaten deep into your brain that all you know how to do best is typing filthy and rotten trash
you are a pathetic being who doesn't deserve to live
the way boko haram was attacking during jonathan's time in government was your ploy to oust him of power by all means and you did it, now suddenly, u can't control them again and now you are barking up and down like a rabid infested dog
you  were living by the sword and now you are dying by the sword and the sword will never depart from you

My able president, God bless you sir

and you are enjoying that north better than before now?sincerely whoever made that mistake of merging south with those animals from the north should be killed twice and thrown into hell

Hehehe....now it is safer abi. Even your sultan knows better than this your stupid thoughts

Big fool!!!

Must you learn value by loss. Most times, learning by experience is dangerously detrimental.

Morally reprehensible. Politically inexpedient. Constitutionally impracticable.
For the avoidance of doubt Jona has taken oath of office twice which is the maximum allowed by the constitution.....unless there is sone provision I don't understand therein.

You really amazed me today by your comment. This is the first time you said something that made sense without putting your Hausa North as superior to other tribes in Nigeria.
I feel if actually you always see things in this perspective of good or bad, black or white, then Nigerian can have a common stand on things that has always failed us especially these sets of foolish and corrupt politicians. 
We in the south always assumed that northern people supports everything the thief thief politicians are doing especially those of your northern region. We feel bad that you northern masses hardly talk or protest on things that has been depriving, killing and impoverishing your lives daily. It's a common knowledge that your northern area is the most backward region in Nigeria, also the most terrible and dangerous place to live or even raise a family..to the chargrin of us in the south, it's so unbelievable that you guys doesn't see it the way we do but instead, you always derive joy to fight the southern people whenever the opportunities arise.
In agreement with you, Jonathan was a disaster while Buhari was clueless mistake.
Southern and Northern Nigeria masses desire one thing in common, good leadership, devoid of corruption and active intelligentsia in executive duty. We need a sensible and sensitive leadership with grace to work tirelessly for the country and not for his family, friends or region.
I remember what Clueless Buhari said to a reporter in the US while he was being asked a question that how would he reconcile people of different parties since the election is over and he has emerged as the president. Hope you remember what BUBU said, he said ......was asking the press lady that how can I look at the side of those that didn't vote for me and forget about those that voted for me.....that statement alone should have told us that we have a clueless man as president. We should have voted him out massively during the last election. He's devoid of ideas and often I believe that he doesn't even know he's the president.
Arewa, work and think positively and in all, think well of the southern people. We are all young people and so good we are all Nigerians. We don't hate the north but the policians, the stupid rulers always derived the joy of instigating us against each other to be able to fulfil their selfish and deceptive corrupt lives.
Be good to the southern people around you just like we do to the northern guys around us here. We have a common enemy and that's the government...stupid people in power, greedy and corrupt idiots we call leaders.
where did you keep your brain while typing this message ?
I know you extremist will never learn no matter what evidence is presented to you.
Continue in your foolishness.
Nadine seems only bright light from Borno. He is always against Boko Haram and their amnesty rather extremist need to be destroyed.
Continue in your foolishness once again
Most of you useless Nigerians have a very short memory.

I still have to maintain that I doubt if another president of Nigeria will be worst than Buhari I don't and will not believe that, the problem with Buhari is he is very greedy, nepotistic and very tribalistic, he surrounded himself with people of his like mind, his hated on the road igbos especially his plans to destroy Igbo businesses is what messed his government up, remember his first move when he travelled outside the country to demarket Nigerians indirectly igbos calling them criminals in oversea countries , that was when he chased investors away from the country,, all his economic policies are targeting to destroy Igbo businesses puttng high tariff and high import duty that is why the nation's economy is going down every day

He should be quiet. Why would you go and stand surety for a known criminal? Did he share the money with you? Then stay in jail same as anyone else.
Jonathan was ineffective. All of us voted for him like we voted for this clueless part 2. The options were not good.
Ndume is only remembering GEJ because of the impunity that was rampant by the end of his tenure. Same as clueless part 2. God save Nigeria from worthless leaders

Leave those bigot alone

How is this related to the matter at hand?
Leave bigotry and be reasonable.

We still have a long way to go. 
We must collectively eject the old generation from the corridor of power!

Same way, those who are holding Nigeria  down from developing by looting our common wealth will also regret by the time the country split.
A particular region cannot  continue to dominate  forever.  Soon, the South will take their rightful position in the all aspect of the country.

Only a foolish fool will prefer a nepa certificate holder for a leadership role to a professor with international certificate accolades of study and practice  

Highly very correct.
I support you 100%..
Infact, Nigeria has been a country on a faulty auto pilot since Yaradua died. Nigeria has been without a President since 2010/11. We have been on a faulty auto pilot moving us to a disastrous destination no one knows and ironing the treasury doors wide open for marauders and bandits. That's the story of 21st century Nigeria ....

What are you talking about? Boko Haram became what it is today under Jonathan while he was getting drunk in villa. It was under Yar Adua and OBJ they did not give any bandits or terrorists  that even tried to raise their head space to breathe. Immediate death and wipe out. Yar Adua even tried and gave amnesty to the militants from Niger Delta because of how they had been dealing with them.
While GEJ was drinking BH took over local governments with their flags and governments and were fully operational in at least 3 states.
At the end of his tenure when attention was brought to Chibok girls is when effective actions started but it was too late the criminals were fully entrenched and had spread to other parts of the country not helped by the problems with militants from Libya.
Let us not rewrite history and pray for good leadership come 2023. NOBODY that is currently showing themselves is fit to lead this country. Their ignorance, divisiveness  and greed is too much.

You lack common sense did you think very well before you pour out all this rubbish you are saying.. Get out of here

North is more comfortable with Jonathan if they can't field another northern candidate. At least, Jonathan only have one term, so they are sure of getting power to continue another 8 years thereafter. It is a useless politics of no interest of the people but themselves.

please why are you saying rubbish receive common sense in Jesus name

How can you be this stupid.All the news about killings in the north is fake.It is the hand work of wailers and IPOB.The last time true news came out,the farmers whr marrying the Boko men and dating the bandits.They just wanted to bring  down.Infact Boko Haram has been defeated since 2015.They now do family meetings in your fathers compound.please my regards to them

Blindness is real. Allow your mind to see.

do you know what you are saying at all under buhari alone snake swallow money, including monkey,they feed school students in lock down,the covid19 donation where are they,nddc stole billions so many corrupt cases under buhari army generals are rich so many more let buhari go and see the looting

They have shown time and again that they are incompetent at being incompetent

Buhari is worse that GEJ no doubt - but that does not all of a sudden makes Jonathan a Saint

Okay o, you never start to pay bandits......by 2023 when bandits will be pooing inside you mouth , your senses will come back by fire by force..... nonsense people.

That 2011 crisis was bad. I experienced it in Kaduna then. We were lucky to leave our house before those murderers came
 
I quite agree to that. We must eject these old fools from leadership roles. However, do we go the way of our brothers Endsars protest? Nope, this rulers will kill us all. They don't have pity or feelings for our lives, they would kill us and still lie that we are criminals, hoodlums etc.......they will give us a name that's not ours.
Arewa, we have a solution and this solution is what they can't thwart, they can't fight it.
We need to empower ourselves with permanent Voters card. We need to tell our people in the north and south to go out and obtain their PVC.....encourage and preach to anyone that doesn't have to go and obtain one when it's eventually open again for registration.
When we have that, we have a small power to push them out. Then the main voting starts by making people to be aware and have it in remembrance of the past mistakes of voting because of ethnicity, money and gifts. We need to draw and enlightened the masses around us to do what's right by voting the right candidates regardless of tribes.
Arewa, we have a lot to do and I think we have a common goal to fulfil which is emancipation of our people in the north and in the south. Empowerment of our people as one Nigeria in regards to a better standard of living where medical treatment and education wouldn't be a luxury or strictly for the stupid rich politician as it's been done. We need employments and good accomodation for my people in the Northern and southern Nigeria....we need an unbiased security structure where my region wouldn't determined if I am welcome or not. We need right people at the elms of affairs and not paddy paddy government we are experiencing now. In all, our people must be educated at all cost....no more almajiris, area boys, Agberos, militancy etc....
If we can achieve all these Arewa, I bet you, no one will be clamouring for separation within Nigeria. My people of the south East love peace but the government over the years have never seemed it fit enough to accord them that peace and love, despite the ill-fated war they went through which was very unfortunate. They deserve to be  carried along just as the other region but what do we have here?? Castigation and brutal treatment of neglects.
Same with the south south and south west.... deprivation and abject infrastructural neglects....
Let's go to the north as a whole....let's give a little kudos to the little development during the military eras since most of those kaki boys were from the north. Presently, all those good roads and infrastructures ha been destroyed by BH...and some neglected to decay. No education, no medical and ofcourse no employment despite the big allocation being giving to theae bunch of thieves in the southern and northern Nigeria every months....
We can do better by voting for a sensible and sensitive candidate. Till then my friend.....we would still be talking but as at now, fulfil your side towards a better Nigeria.

Nice one brother!

People like you are reasons the north will remain in darkness because you allow tribal and religious sentiments to becloud your vision and reasoning.
Calling white black will lead you into further destruction.
Was Jonathan behind the bombings during his reign?
Who was boko haram chosen mediator during Jonathan's reign?
Who said attack on boko haram is an attack on the north?
Who said islamizing Nigeria is a task that must be achieved at all cost? Is that ideology different from that of boko haram?
Learn to think out of the box, mr man

Did you read what I wrote? I dont know the history you are rewriting. Are you in this country because alot of people write nonsense while they are in no way close to the country.
Has the situation improved at all? It is getting worse everyday.
That is the summary of what I wrote if you did not get it.
I did not say anything about having good people ready to contest 2023.

who is this foolish goat brain

Your parents made a gracious mistake. They are not lucky at all.

alright... You are Rational and intelligent... Worthy to have a very deep conversation with!

perhaps that may be true...but it won't be as worse as it is now

Mr story teller..see you..what is happening now.. mad people everywhere..

 True, I hate it when both of them are been compared.

It is you and your brothers includeing gmd that brought boko haram to spoil jona government

Are you not ashamed of spreading propangada? you are a woman for crying out loud. your so called APC has told you it was a mere propangada and you are still holding on to it. what kind of a woman are you

so  Arrewa you are from Kano, my state?

A zombie is always a zombie, Even your sultan has realise they made a mistake

What useless statistics.  Buhari contested thrice and no one voted him, it was Jonathan that made Buhari look good, if jonathan had performed no one would have voted Buhari. So blame Jonathan for giving you buhari

Only if you have good sense of judgement! But as it is now, no reasonable person will take you serious.

My Guy, you have very good memory. Although, I did not agree with you that Buhari is 1000 times better than Jonathan. None of the two is better. I only quoted you due to all the Boko Haram adventures you outlined which I could also recalled.  I did not like this Buhari's administration. Infact, I dislike everything about his administration in the first 6 months of his first term as President. I actually supported Buhari in 2015 to oust out Jonathan, hoping for a beautiful change under Buhari administration, I lost interest after seeing his first 6 months performance. One thing that baffle me about we Nigerian is that we have a very short memory. Imagine during Jonathan's administration, when Crude Oil was around $150 per barrel due to the economic sanction on Iran, yet nothing to show for it. 
Imagine when Boko Haram was having field day as you have written above. Infact during Jonathan's time, there were several bad occurences in various part of the country, even that people changed his name to Badluck Jonathan. Was he now the same Jonathan people now preferred? Neither do I even like Buhari's administration a bit, since Snake children are the same, no kind one. If Jonathan had performed well during his tenure, there is no doubt, he would have won the second term even with wide margin. Even in his time, his Presidency replied everyone that criticized him, that's why I won't be surprised by 2023, when people will start shouting Tinubu, Sanwo Olu, APC  and forgetting 2020 EndSars incidence. It shows how Nigeria have tendency of forgetting past administrations saga. The only preffered situation in Jonathan's adminstration compared to Buhari is freedom of speech, and nothing more. I did not even expected that Buhari will be voted the second term, I actually thought we will bring in someone else. One thing we don't realize is that no administration deserve any second term. And guess what, after their first term, while they hope for the second term in election, and if they loose, its a very painful thing for them. See Jonathan as example, they always feel so sad and dissapointed. That's how we suppose to have realized that, any administration not peforming in the first term should be voted out. Even those that performed should be carefully examined whether they deserve second term.
To whom much is given, much is expected. Jonathan has the opportunity to change Nigeria situation or lay a good foundation, but he failed, and only follow PDP party celebration up and down. Buhari administration is even off key, lets not talk about that. So we don't need to prefer anyone of them, Ex-President are always the best. It shows how Nigeria is getting to point of no return. God help us.

Smart! You talk true.. That is their agenda.. 
Some silly youths would come now and start shouting GEJ.. They are all corrupt sets of leaders. 
We need someone new to come into the system.. 
Youths make you give you self brain oo.. We do not want Jonathan or Atiku come 2023.. Nigeria needs someone new. A different party. Do not forget all the protests had for a New Nigeria.

EVEN the BLIND MEN KNOWS GOODLUCK JONATHAN IS 1000% BETTER THAN BUHARI

Almajiri, they will still use you to vote in another Buhari, by then your villages would have been burnt down completely, since you can't learn from it m the past.

From your write up one can quickly decode that you are on a personal vendetta with the former president. Comparing buhari to Jonathan is like comparing Obama with Kim the north Korea president . just tell me one area buhari has not failed this country? Before 2023 from what we are seeing over half a million people will still die in the north. Don't wake up to fight for your lives be torn between religious and regional line there,  do your research very well ,more people have died from boko haram under buhari than Jonathan, despite the north taking charge of all the head of security agencies in the country. to who more is given more is expected. With all the power shift to the north I thought the north will become the Dubai of Africa. I pity the people they are deceiving.

Ndume was not wrong for criticizing Jonathan, the only difference between them is Nepotism, this is democracy, we will keep complaining until we got the best we want.

Yes, as the commander in chief, you got to do what you have to do. GEJ was weak in this regard. Again, the APC  politised the whole thing snd they used it to discredit the government of the day. The then Borno state governor  allowed the Chibok school girls to remain against the Federal government warning. 
All these things we know but oneday as it always happens, someone will have a change of heart and come out say the truth of all players and how Nigeria became ungovernable.

Was Jonathan the one that started BH? When he was seriously fighting the sect, was it not you Northers that was frustrating his efforts. Were you people  not the same people threatening to take him to International Critical Court in Hague for genocide? Did one of prominent Northern leaders not  say that..Amy fight against BH is a fight against the North? Let posterity judge you people.

God bless you!! You said it all!

So, you had to spew this gibberish in order to discredit Jonathan?
I am neither a Jonathan's fan nor Buhari's fan. But, why  must you compare somebody who has brain but did not use it to the who has no brain?
When Ihejirika, former Army chief was taking the war  to boko haram's doorsteps, your useless leaders were crying that he was decimating your population.
How can you open your mouth and mention a dead brain Buhari when Presidents are being talked about?

Calm down please...you fool no one with your screams. The truth needs no embellishments.
Name a single village in Nigeria where elections did not take place due to insecurity in 2015.

The only thing that differentiate Buhari's regime from Gej's regime  in term of insecurity is the bombing that occur during Gej's regime. Honestly, the insecurity we are facing now is alarming.

The north will not agree

Buhari, Sunusi Lamido and co... They are the once that financed Boko Haram during GEJ as political tactics. When Jonathan ask Buhari to lead the talks with Boko Haram, Buhari was afraid of being implicated and rejected the offer. So if you think that inactive Buhari has the secret formula to end Boko Haram, why did he wait until now?
The damage Buhari has done to Nigeria would take 30 years to fix. I don't even think we would ever have a free and fair election again.

you are a fool i swear, what is happening now is worse than what happened under Jonathan if you don't know, even the media is also being surpressed so you don't get to see it. my prayer for you for supporting the wickedness going on now is that bokoharam locate you where you are and behead you just like those farmers amen

Tell me why I should show you fake love

just be sincere to yourself, does this make sense to you?

You have spoken well, all these transmission confessors are irrelevant dogs the real main ones shall come after their highly subscribed premium tears in 2023, Tinubu and his schoolboys

Yet the north is not safe till date.

Don't mind that guy. Even before Boko Haram, northerners are always looking the the slightest opportunity to kill visitors.

That is why your country should restructure. To avoid the story of a man burning his father's house because he doesn't want His half or stepbrothers to enjoy inheritance and the same man is now crying for help. Let a southern last the south and Northern lead the north in a regional way, with that no one will blame any docile fulani for Lekki Massacre and all killings in the north will remain a northern affair.
Thank you.

If they like let them kill themselves Of what use are they to Nigerians.

I share same thoughts with you.

Problem doesn't finish

This is certainly the first and only time you've made sense here

Very painful
Just imagine that fool saying presidency should remain in the north while their people are being massacred on a daily basis....

You're a patriot.

Actually the president is from the North West, Borno is North east, you argument doesn't even make simple sense.
Let us tell you now. None of your governors have performed enough to go for higher office so far, we will back a fisherman, taxi driver or trader before sponsors of division. You can go back to you Xmas meeting and tell them that is what we said. 
 
still no northerner will give their vote to an igbo man...

What we want is rotation among geopolitical zones not between north and south. When it comes to jamb admission, recruitment into armed forces, NDA and federal jobs, they will remember equity.

Zoning/Rotation of the presidency is the only thing to guarantee one Nigeria in the present skewed and lopsided political structure created by northern military dictators to favor northern region.

I would love to see an educated competent and integritied northerner to take over power in 2023

Who even tell them their lives are going to be spared till then 

That's exactly what the north is trying to push for, but the SW is against it.
Just as the southwest was pacified the SE needs to be pacified by giving them presidency under obasanjo same should apply to SE

If and when Tinubu wins the war, the southeast will then come in to claim the victory. What a smart Alec you are!

You cannot reap where you have not sown. As far as APC is concerned, SE should forget it. They should maintain their PDP. Period.

They pacified southwest by giving them president through obasanjo even when it was obvious Alex ekweme deserved it, they pacified south south at the height of the Niger delta agitation by giving them vp and then president, but at the height of Biafra agitation instead not pacifying the southeast too like other regions were pacified they want to purnish the south east for agitating by not giving us a chance.
The southwest has no reason to talk about presidency or vice. People who should are north centralz north east and south east and to some extent southsouth.
We in the east are willing to allow any region I'm the north rule and maybe allow the southsouth bad vice to complete it's tenure as vp if In return they will allow us have the next tenure as president after the north finishes it's 16years

Why are you people not discussing presidency under PDP?

You must be high on gum fumes. If I read your comment correctly, you said the North is clamoring for SE presidency. Ah! You better wake up.

you're a fool, if you know you don't have sense to talk well why not keep quiet.

2023 when we haven't lived in 2020. Thanks Peter Obi for saying what happens now is more important than what happens in 2023. People have to be alive first before talking about 2023.

Stale news.

Some Igbos on nairaland are sick beyond redemption honestly. How did Omenka come be the one who decides the fate of Igbos in Nigerian politics? How is it their headache I chose to support Yorubas? Look at them ranting and going berserk because I said what I said, as though my word means IGBOS CAN NEVER GET APC TICKET or IGBOS WILL NEVER BECOME PRESIDENT, or PDP WILL NEVER WIN THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
They've all  but abandoned the essense of the thread, literally turning it into a thread about the identity of Omenka.

I didn't realise MY OPINION affects the generality of Ndigbo so much. Why the belly ache over what I've said? Why can't you people grow some pride and pretend MY OPINION DOESN'T MATTER (as you guys always claim).
Something is really wrong somewhere. Maybe I should start vending my loyalty to the highest bidders, since it seems it matters to you people so much so you wanna kill yourselves over me not supporting you guys. Maybe if I'm selling it, the biggest bidders would be you guys.
What a pity.

When Jonathan was busy decimating boko haram Your people accused him of killing northerners remember? You made him look bad before your people and yet accuse him of not fighting boko haram hard enough. Well Buhari has taken over and boko haram has been "Technically defeated" as we can all see. If the north is not careful about playing politics with the lives of its people, Somalia will be child's play to what will become of it. The north is destroying itself and you guys are still here playing politics.

From all indications the next president might be even worse. The elites are praying that things remain this way.

You are wicked! And you are a religious bigot!

Now you have a country.  ... Some of the things you people write are antithetical. Buhari is worse yet you have a country, but a better or same Jonathan would have made you country-less. 
Did you even bother to read what you wrote, or you just wanted to type some cliches so everybody claps for you?

Did I say otherwise about Buhari? Did I mention his administration is any better? Did I say I have a country now? You just felt the need to address me out of context?
Nigeria is fucked up already.
Thanks

Man or Woman the truth remains - APC or PDP it matters not every President since Shehu Shagari is as corrupt as Satan in gay pants no one excluded you sorry misogynist

Buhari is as corrupt as they come - unfortunately Nairalanders are hardly the type to keep an open mind and are as hypocritcal as MFM or Deeper LIfe members - everyone since Shehu Shagari is corrupt down to Buhari -- this is why we shall never get out of this shithole.. supporting idiots based on religion and party affiliations

Buhari has so much integrity that 101 people were murdered in Borno over the weekend, his integrity and anti corruption is so amazing that Nigeria became the poverty capital of the world. His accolades are too many for me to mention, idiot.

that single term to pay us than 8 yes of them retaining power because he is going to restructure the country

Jonathan had at least 10,000 on his roster including Chibok Girls - Buhari added another 10,000 terrorist fatalities. I guess without data all you have is an opinion - they are cheaper than onions on the market. I guess you cannot augment your argument without insults - typical of the effeminate males we have in Nigeria these days 

A cow has spoken

Shut up
So what's the difference between them when they both have the same performance? Onions is a problem for poor people like you not me.

proven my point exactly, you cannot rise above your keyboard to provide data-driven arguments without abusive language poor soul - you need empathy not ridicule - I understand your position 

Watch as they will pin it on Ipob but we know better. 
We know those that use bombs for knockout. They probably did it in the heat of the tension so that it will look like retaliation.
 

Ipob terrorists please don't put our lives in danger in Port Harcourt. 


They want to create a justification for the unimaginable genocide committed against the good people of Obigbo by Nyesomghosa Wikevie and that funny looking snake catcher called Burutai!? All of you will pay for your crimes against humanity at the appropriate time..

Keep quiet ,

I don't know what to call anyone who believes that it's ipob doing. Those ones are worse than idiots.

Wike should take charge and flush out remnants of IPOB in his state. If you allow them, the carnage they will cause in future will be totally unimaginable.Thank God for Uche Mefor who honorably resigned than allow his name soiled by these terrorists.. Mefor remains a man of honour.

CALL it whatever you are like. Unlike some of you, I was raised to never abandon my brother even if he is mad. Even at the worst he is still my mad brother

No animal celebrates the killing of his specie by another talkless of human. You can't hail and implore another person to kill your brother if you are actually related.

I was raised to distance myself from terrorist activities. It bleeds anarchy in the society.

shut up if you have nothing to say.

Yes federal government should treat them way he treats boko haram members, by giving them appointments at federal level.

That's how you people goes about looking for places to cause restiveness. People enjoying peace , you guys will go there and create problem.

Terrorist remains a terrorist.

Those Soldiers and Police killed by IPoB are not of human creatures. Majority of you believe in running on sentiment

Nothing to say by not believing in your hypocrite sentiment?

-My friend go and take several seats. You're as boring as hell. This forum would do better without your numerous incoherent rants.

Nigeria is at the brink of collapse because hypocrite like you are in the majority.

You can't do more than you have done..

They have already invited Nigeria army and soon they will be rounded up again.

IPOB bawo? We know the people doing such na, and we know their sponsors too?

Ipob miscreants littered everywhere looking for who to send to their early graves.. Wike will be a fool to overlook this nonsense.

Who needs validation to be a member of an ethnic group?
I can see that you know little of theology. A member of an ethnic group is one who represents and defends the interest of a group of people. Not necessarily by birth. Those that go against this interest are sacrificed or executed for the benefit of the ethnicity

Lots of innocent igbos were killled in Obigbo using this discredited tactics of labelling everybody IPOB. This includes both women and children. We saw the pictures here! By endorsing all these killings unleashed by one disoriented mutant on crack called Nyesomghosa Wikevie, simply because the name ipob riles you up to no end, I hope you know that somewhat, you have become an accessory to murder, genocide and ethnic cleaning..?

indeed some idiots are iredeemable ...
It's only fools that  call out IPOB, and it's only idiots that agree that its IPOB.

Why are you people so afraid of Igbos with just 5 small states, not larger that Niger state?

This is why I said that nobody rejoices when there is plan for his brother to be killed because he might be killed alongside. That guy is myopic

I thought you guys pride yourself as having the best cultural practices when it comes to respecting elders...? So how come the above? I'm expecting your apology..

He can be all over the place with his emotions sometimes...

That which you are calling for might sink you and that you hold dear.
"Even weaklings defend themselves when faced with the threat of extinction" talkless of population of millions nursing after their wound

Not when you suppose to be in romance section. Here, politics /crime section is for people with intellectual capacities. Not for those with cosmetics toddler charade.

You are unwittingly calling on the bastard Wike to kill Anambrarians too. You think he will separate Anambrarians from the carnage or what. You type so disgracefully for an Anambrarian.

Stop the rigmarole. Just answer the specific question. When you were attacked at Fagba, did anyone say it was Boko haram? And the Kanuris should apologies to you?The case of Igbos is always very different.

Well Errrm, Ipobs are already been executed daily. What died since Nnamdi started Ipob is totally uncountable and still counting..
So any fool who is tired of life should make himself available as Ipobs and be killed like others by Nigeria security agencies.

you are indeed an idiot

Expert! 
You are truly correct.
Fearful hypocrites everywhere.

You people need to apply caution the way you throw around the word "Genocide"  

Stale and stale. This tactics doesn't work.
Maybe those slaughtered by security agencies in Enugu was recorded as anambrarian or those killed in Aba as Anambrarian or those who lost their lives in Ebonyi same. What you wrote up there, bears no single meaning.
All these gimmicks of killing this and that is nothing but trash. If groups of people didn't go about creating problems, who will think of bringing security out on the street.

For an igbo dude, you don't seem to be smart. This will be an excuse to intimidate igbos. How will they tell an ipob member from a random igbo person? And knowing how unreasonable/careless governor wike is in thoughts and actions, he would exploit and escalate the whole thing.

When breeze blew in Lagos you were crying and weeping that ipob have finished your heritage, even when they are not there. Everybody know who fears most in this country.

You are a big fool to hail Wike. Anambrarians are not specially recognized when Wike goes about killing people.

Who told you they are ipob? Stop fearmongering. If Ipob wanted to do that they would have done it years ago. CALM DOWN!

Being a member of an ethnic group comes with the biggest responsibility of protecting the life of your fellow member from being taken by an external party. When an external party is being allowed to kill the member of your ethnic group without consequences, that your ethnic group loses its reputation and appear vulnerable for a bigger threat.
This is the reason why intelligent people like El Rufai said that anybody that kills a fulani takes a loan repayable one day. If you go into sociology and place this statement at the scale you'll realize that he did what an alpha and loyal member of ethnic group must do to preserve themselves because no matter what the fulani herdsmen do, when you kill them with the name Fulani you pushed the larger ethnicity. You didn't kill them as Yusuf or Abdullah but as "Fulani" so expect the answer of the larger ethnic group. Same with Buhari's statement that the Attack on Boko Haram is an attack at the North.

Are you taking responsibility already? 

But who can they be then?

Let them pin it on Ipob. Problems are created not just created but founded. If you support Ipob then be ready to bear the consequences of such support.Nothing comes rosy. You support Ipobs and expect easy rude under Nigerian state.

There is a reason we are brought up to openly condemn something bad in Igboland. You can never tell if something bad you're supporting will come for you and your family tomorrow.

Your comments here have proven that you are not whom you claim to be. No reasonable Igbo man will support killing of biafra agitators, even if he don't support them.

Biafrans at work. They did it in Lagos, now they want to destroy the South South.  Nigerians are watching closely.

You're such a big fool in higher place. Rivers is just a state and ipob is a region,, so with your tiny and uncalibrated brain, you think that the Igbos in rivers should denounce  their struggles for decades because of wike?

In all these, the summary is simple. BH is a terrorist organization like Ipobs. There is nothing to protect there. No sane human being will support what Kanu is currently turning this land into..
He should limit his Ipob activities in Abia and cease creating hostile environment for others. But if you support him then be ready to bear in pain as they also do.

IPOB wants war, the next 3 years of Wike would be hell on earth for them

I don't care if they are or not. Same way they created crises in Oyigbo and use igbo sentiments to gather support. Why creating problems in a peaceful environment.

The entire Country is watching your people. What they did in Lagos and other Cities in Nigeria, during the EndSARS protest is still fresh in our memories. Now they want to start with Rivers. Nigerians will pay them back in their own coins soon.

Stop making noise

Once a terrorist will always be a terrorist. Uche Mefor is terrorist and have just opened a new terrorist organization.

nigga leave yoruba out of your rant . respect the grey hair on your scrotum  

That impostor is not Igbo. He's a Fulani pretending to be Igbo. He's the same persons as Meles Zenawi, Osagyefor88, Ndibunna and Ojiofor. Same criminals with the sole intent of creating division among Ndigbo. Relate to him as you would an impostor.

Wike is the Governor of Rivers state and people who voted him liked him.
All these gimmicks are trash , let Wike fish out those trying to disturb his state by any means possible and deal decisively with them.

IPOB terrorists at work

I will add too that no harm should come to those boys or this will be child's play. Harm them and you create sympathizers! Everything cannot be force and wanton destruction of lives. Black people must learn to negotiate and concede, for peace to prevail. You can't employ deadly force all the time just because you're in power. I dare the bastard Wike to step foot outside Nigeria.

Anybody that calls himself a freedom fighter is seen as terrorist by the oppressor he is fighting against.
And anybody that doesn't like the belief of majority of the group he belongs to should seek for another or risk excision by force. There is freedom of association and ethnic groups are mere associations. And using the identity of the group to go against their general belief is termed "treason"
There are some things I say against IPOB online I won't advise an average Igbo person to say in SE because I might survive when it goes south but the person can't

Uche Mefor is not a terrorist. I totally disagree.

How do police arrest thieves and criminals from ransoms thieves littered around Nigeria?

Are you done crying about Lagos attack. 
Please stop embarrassing yourself in public.

Only a brainwashed IPOB Ibinu Ukpabi oat taker like you will say shit about me. Opinion of a brain dead terrorist means nothing to me anyway.

Lamentations.
Maybe buhari should have appointed ngige as minister because it is hard to differentiate Ipob from igbo.
Nonsense and whack logic.

If you fought with your neighbour and the neighbour threatens by promising you in 3 days one of your children will be missing. And so it happens on the 4th day your child got lost. Who do you think will be the first suspect in the police investigation? That's typical case of Wike vs Ipob. Wike is at war with IPOB he needs to be armed to the teeth to fight the miscreants.

Shut up,  who could have done it?  don't come and play the ostrich here..... Number one suspect is IPOB

Are you normal? So you will protect a mad man on a killing spree simply because he is your brother? 

Your question makes no sense. You are either ignorant or not igbo.

I know you won't get the point because you are not Igbo. I am done with you.

You believe anything you are told?

Just see your weak life, full of fear!! Cultist surrenders arms in River state... So why would ipob be number one suspect?

don't go and kill Igbo people oo! Please face your problem and leave igbo people alone.

I always advice ipob to start high profile assassination and hit and run killing to those who attack them with their families inclusive by then people will know that life have no duplicate

Of course Nigeria is a contraption. Does it now make me an ipob?

That's how your question makes no sense. Tell us how security agencies detect crime operators? How do America fish out criminals in their midst?It is only in Nigeria that you guys are spreading such false logic with no substance.

We are not silly on this platform, we can differentiate between sane Igbos and IPOB miscreant. 
We know them, even in real life we can single them out


If you sepend one third of the energy you spend on Boko haram and Fulani herdsmen, they would have been a thing of the past.
But no... You have never blamed any other groups. Why?

Better stop because you ain't making any sense.

I'll always say it that only one group of people benefit when southerners fight among themselves. If the educated southerners will allow their fragile emotions think for them, then they must bear the consequences of their foolishness. Woke CAN NEVER ABSOLVE HIMSELF from the Obigbo massacre and he must answer for it in due time. Bombing a church is the handiwork of a well known terrorists group book haram. The enemies of IPOB already have started accusing us of the attack but to what end? To create chaos in Rivers state and the South in general. Wike can choose to fall for their games again but he must remember like Saddam that when you start witch hunting those who where never a threat to you and your erstwhile haters start cheering you up, know it that they're applauding your foolishness which automatically will lead to your destruction.

You are also a suspect! Game over  for IPOB!

you are making sense this morning 

We are talking of Rivers now not any other place.
Just like I blame Northern leaders for not handling BH and Bandits

Wike should call in the army and ensure that all ipob miscreants are flushed from the state into the near by lagoon

I will always point you out for the wolf in sheep clothing that you are. All of you and your gangs can never succeed. I'm way smarter than you and understand the game at play. Mark my words, you will fail woefully.

Aboki , have you finishing watching Boko Haram that beheaded 43 People in your enclave. Leave SS out of your misery and face your already wretched and backwards region.

So if they open my phone and see the pictures my people with biafran flag outside the country snapped and sent, will that make me an ipob member even when I haven't listened to their radio or know anything about them.

The creator gave us two ears to hear both sides. You are listening to the words of a biased man without taking time to verify the truth. Isn't this why innocent people die carelessly?

So Nnamdi Kanu is a prophet or IPOB members have had a prophecy that something as this would occur? Just ask yourself. Am I doing what is right by being emotional over being reasonable over unverified claims?

The creator also gave us two eyes and one mouth to see more and say less. I know the hadith.
Is there any place I stated or assumed myself to be a member of ipob or follower of MNK?

The head terrorist Kanu, what is the make up of his Ipob he keeps propagating. You must balance your question to make meaning. Unless you are second Kanu, who kill his own people while ass licking others as ipob members.

I think I've addressed this your myopic reasoning in my reply. If you want to talk to me, make reference to my post and leave MNK and IPOB out of it

Yes, you have constantly give yourself away as closet Ipob.
Stop misleading the younger generations around you with biased and whack logic.
Stop creating Crises in minds of this fragile younger generations.

Upon the presense of Bokoharam,  Borno State is safer than the EAST. More People die in the EAst as a result of crimes compared to  Borno.

 And you think ipob are jobless? Most of you will stay on social media and be typing nonsense. This one think he is more responsible than those he tag ipob members.

 Don't quote me again

 Are you better than ipob people?

Our bad leader always give you irrelivant topic to argue about making you to deviate frm what you should fight against. Lazy and directionless youth every where. Na IPOB BE THIS COUNTRY PROBLEM OR BAD LEADER?

 you are big fool

Ipod miscreants at it again.

I don't even remember you calling the North or hausas to disscociate themself from Boko Haram despite their muderous activities . What prove do you have to show this was done by IPOB? You just poured out your hate for people without justification and prove.

You call your sultan a liar? You must be an infidel.

so you are saying all the carnage in the east was ipob....even the ones i clearly saw it was area boys you guys still blame ipob...what the fuck mehn

That is the handiwork of senseless people attributing it to Ipob.

How I wish he died in the blast, only then wike would have understand that this is beyond gaining political points.

Don't pee in your pant at the mention of Ipob. It could be a retardedd zoogerian that blew up the church

I don't support you. Igbos are not IPOB, IPOB is only a criminal entity trying to destroy the Igbos. oreover, some parts of my state like Oyigbo and Ndoni/Egbema LGA accept being Igbo. So Igbos are not strangers or visitors in Rivers, they should only desist from having anything to do with IPOB.

All churches in Nigeria are fake. There's no single original church in Nigeria. The lives of their members justify my valid submission or assertion.

Well,  his house was bombed weeks ago. Where is the army to flush so called ipob members in port Harcourt? Till date only police men are keeping vigil over there.. So stop crying over spilt milk

Talk is cheap,  fact is sacrosanct.

LOOK LETS ALL BE AWAKE FOR ONCE THE GOVORNOR ONLY BORROWED A PAGE FROM THE HOODLUMS SCRIPT IN LAGOS STATE SOON THEY WOULD ROLL OUT THE MILITARY AND CALL IPOB TERRORISTS JUST LIKE THEY CALLED END SARS TERRORISTS AND BLAMED THE DESTRUCTION OF LAGOS ON THEM....................YOUR POLITICIANS ARE THE REAL ENEMIES OF THIS COUNTRY SEE EVEN BOKO HARAM ARE SAINTS COMPARED TO THEM ITS THE REASON US AND SO MANY OTHER COUNTRIES REFUSE TO SEND MILITARY EQUIPMENTS TO THEM CAUSE IF THEY HAVE IT AT THEIR DISPOSAL SAD TO SAY BUT THEY WONT HESITATE TO WIPE OFF ALL NIGERIANS THAT CHALLENGES THEM THE REAL TERRORISTS IN NIGERIA ARE THE POLITICIANS FOR NOW EVERYONE SHOULD BACK DOWN AND LET THEM HAVE THEIR WAY LETS FIGHT THE BATTLE IN 2023 ELECTION THROUGH OUR VOTES

IPOB and Nnamdi Kanu  are responsible for the violence,  killings and looting during the EndSARS protest in Lagos and other Cities. Nigerians will soon pay them back in their own coins.

Ejected by who and to where? Can someone eject you from the land of your ancestors? Well only fulani herdsman or boko haram members can do that. Well it's all for the fun shaa and you know it

Good and sensible reply. The reason I overlook most of your post despite knowing your are Ikwerre is because you sound fair and truthful most times. Atleast 85% of your submission here so far are good and Inorder neither have I seen you attacked Igbos.....Kudos.
I have consistently made it clear here that Ikwerre is now an independent ethnic nationality who traced their origin and ancestry to Edo state...Bini precisely, Every of their allegiance now lies and goes to Bini ..and are now totally different from Igbos 
I still don't know why it is hard for some to accept the obvious fact.
The problem here is IPOB and I insist must be rooted out which we fully stop. Keep it up in saying the truth as it is... kudos.

 . You finished this guy especially at the emboldened, tell them to carry ipob to their community of origin to cause carnage and watch them backtrack

His moniker says he is a confirmed zombie. How on earth will you reply a confirmed zombie? Who does that? Well I just did. It's all for the fun. I understand you trying to talk sense into him. But is not worth it. I repeat it's all for the fun. don't get worked up over nothing

Don't be silly with your question.

See how you're comparing ipob with boko haram.. So you're enjoying the ugly news of what is happening in Borno and North East as a whole and want similar carnage in Igboland, you're an Igbo hater then and God pass all of u

That is why the Igbo states bordering Rivers State should follow through with the National boundary commission and take It seriously in court.
Get your lands back legally like akwaibom did to cross Rivers. All that "Rivers state is an Igbo State" sentiment should be discarded. It's a foolish sentiment.

All the allegations they leveled against IPOB, did they show you people one shred of evidence or proof beyond mere words?

Well said.. These ipob guys deal on emotion, they create a problem they can't withstand

Do you ask for proof when you gulliably believed Lekki massacre? Did ask for similar proof when you ignorantly swallowed Jubril El Sudan from your coward fugitive Diletor? You are nothing but hypocrite IPoB

They create problems and always try to whip up igbo sentiments anytime it backfired. Meanwhile I thought they said Ipobs are for Igbos, ibibios, Ijaws etc Why are they always whipping up sentiments using Igbos whenever they create crises

God will punish you

Exactly, I'm yet to see ipob activities in bayelsa, akwa ibom and Cross river or even delta done by the natives, they will turn a peaceful place into chaos for no reason and not even as if they have anything to achieve

They have never achieved anything. If they are serious let him go and start up Ipob In those places and not going about wasting lives of numerous Igbos since 2016. Uncountable lives lost due to foolish following of a lunatic who lives and enjoys live in London.

With Lekki we saw videos of Army shooting people, we saw pictures, we saw blood on the Nigerian flag, we saw people in Hospital.

Where are the pictures and names of the police men and soldiers killed by IPOB?? You guys think you are clever?, how can you guys see a bare lie and propagate it as truth,how do you even sleep peacefully at Night  when you guys propagate lies so that a group of people will be killed?.

Your prayer should be nnamdi kanu out of foolishness should not claim responsibility

 i keep saying it that guy is not igbo. No matter what he writes or says

But you didn't see the bodies of those killed in Lekki ?  Or the NA ate the bodies of those massacred at Toll gate? You are nothing but IPoB Wailing zombie

avoid sentiments pls!

Now that he has given you two eyes, why are you looking at one side? What has the Hadith got to do with this?

IPIG excuse maker, you should be identified and arrested for posting this IPIG terrorist rubbish.

I hope the talkative will resist the temptation to claim responsibility. Any uncalculated utterance will give them chances to pin this on him.

Don't quote me again. Thank you

Nnamdi kanu is mad deal with that

I Am not an IPOB member neither do I support them but this your post shows how wicked your heart is. How can you say that IPOB are worse than Boko haram? 
You need to live in the north east to see who boko haram are rather than spewing your heart full of hatred here.

Make our brothers too resist the temptation of using it to brag

igbos are the most important tribe in Nigeria. Without igbos, Nigeria is dead. If it hurts you, jump from three storey building.

This is a wise thought.

why invite them to your community when you can give them what they want.... biafra is it hard? Anyway we understand your pains. Without igbos, Nigeria is dead

And we should pray those two suspects caught by coincidence don't turn out to be igbos

and we should divide Nigeria so that terrorist will leave us. is it hard?

And in 2023 he will start amending and seeking votes for another higher political ambition.

ipob are terrorist we agreed... We should divide the country so that they will leave or don't tell me that igbos are the most important tribe in Nigeria

Even if they are which I doubt. One can only be judged by his proclamation. Not necessarily what he said during the heat of argument but proclamation.
Anything MNK says from now will set the tone for the future and IPOB and Ndigbo at large. Like it or not, what these people do indirectly affects our future.

And what you gonna do if I do again? Come and bomb my house like your fellow terrorists just did in Rivers?

Hmmm, so you don't know that threats of death dont deter nor prevent terror especially when its nationalistic,us army is pulling out of afganistan belatedly.

Yes the North has been shielding their bad eggs but today they're crying insecurity.

Always on point....

I did not say you should not establish your foolishness. I only said you should piss like a donkey on heat. Simple 

If found, they should be treated as terrorist.

We know who the culprits are. They are the purveyors of hate and bile. A very demonic group.
Apprehend more of the devil incanates and deal with them decisively.

Woken up to what exactly? I have always been objective to issues concerning ndi Igbo.

Violence was one of the reasons Uche Mefor, Kanu's deputy stated as why he quit IPOB  .
IPOB is now trying to destabilise Rivers State  with violence and River's  is not even in SE.

What is happening in the North is more than what meets the eye. Only those that know their history understands what is happening there. It is a continuation of unfinished business

please are you an IPOB apologist?

He is not a Terrorist like IPOB

Are you one of them (IPOB Terrorist group)?

What wolf in sheep clothing? I am very straight and honest to issues concerning ipobs constituting nuisance in Igbo land. My only mission is to stop Ipob from sending Igbo youths to their early grave.

-What do you mean? Is like being asked if you're an Arewa or Oduduwa apologist. Does that seem like a smart valid question to you?

I'm ashamed at your comment. So you're happily calling yourself a member of a Proscribed Terrorist Group. Is Arewa or Oduduwa a Proscribed Terrorist Group?

-Take your Nigerian level idiocy somewhere else! 
-If you're looking for a terrorist, look no further than your illiterate Head of State. Imagine!  

But a sane person will never support any Terrorist group.

I feel your pain bro!

TRASH!!!!
Now try again.  This time try and use some common sense.

We are waiting for Mr Kenny Okwu popularly known as Maazi Nnamdi Kanu to react to this allegation.

 Me your Bro? It seem you're an illegitimate child. Don't go and ask your mother who your father and brothers are.

terrosits feuling seperation is different from criminals trying to survive. Igbos and ipobs are one and same because they share the same belief just that one is more vocal. They should all be flushed out. Arrant nonsense

i have sent the information to the appropriate authority in river state......u will hear or see wetin Wike go do to that proscribed terrorists called Ipob...


Only church and your are complaining. Your brothers executed 66 of your siblings and you are here posting rubbish. Wike will NEVER EVER go unpunished.. IDIOT

Foolish reasoning.
Again be informed that no governor has any power to send any ethnic group out of his state so don't tell us your Wike crap.

Yeah! I'm in my house now, come and kill me..

Fools everywhere. See how you are disgracing yourself here.

Are you ok? How can a sensible person be claiming he is part of a Proscribed Terrorist group. God forbid!

Your pain is increasing bro!

Its like you are crazy and your insanity is affecting your thinking. You lot are the same.

This is the reason why no matter how much they rule Nigeria, Nigerians can't just hate them they are very truthful.
What he said is 100% truth.
It's nobody's fault that you people didn't use your time as president and vp allow others use theirs

Igbos don't hate Nigeria, on a very good day ipob won't exist.
What is driving ipob struggle is the death of infrastructures in the east and igbo presidency.

why wasn't Yorouba discussing AD during PDP era.. Obviously you guys think others southerners are traders and not political wise. PDP is the only party where southerners have equal interest with the North .. since that has changed, expect it to happen in Apc too. 
We have seen Tinubu with his intelligence, allow him to battle with Nothern Apc, no southerner will smell power for another 45yrs to come .. obviously his choices are affecting other southerners.  And we really have to fight our interest this time differently.
They see themselves as Sophisticated. It took a few politicians from the north to scuttle his 3rd term ambition. People see truth but always stifle the truth.

It's in the interest of Nigerians if igbos rule Nigeria, igbos are the only people located all over Nigeria, so we will try our best to send development all over Nigeria.
The southeast has the smallest land mass so even if we some people try to accuse an igbo president of focusing on the southeast the southeast is too small the surplus from focusing in it will still be enough to focus on many other regions

1999 was sure southeast slot, based on the fact that during the military time SW ruled, But to pacify southwest based on mko abiola they went and brought obasanjo out of nowhere and gave him president. They can pacify southwest and everybody allows but lets pacify southeast all hell wants to let loose

They are only trying to create problems in the south by saying that. If the SE can raise a viable candidate without the usual infighting and squabbles they are known for, a candidate they can sell to other parts, then so be it. But I know its not possible. They will always fight and also insult other people. Nobody will give SE the presidency on a platter of gold please.

You will back the in the grave you mean with a slit throat? Be my guest oo

The southeast is the weakest region politically so it's obvious that if southeast doesn't perform Southeast doesn't have what it takes to win reelection.
This should send a message to anybody who means well for Nigeria, you can't be calling others ipob when you don't mean well for Nigeria, that makes you an ipob too

They love it. They prefer to be sacrificing themselves and dying in 100s daily for presidency to remain in the north. Northerners are more like wild animals without sense of responsibility.

Yoroubas has the mentality of winner takes it all. They can't have people with equal power at hem of affairs.  I see that mentality in everything they do .. That's the mentality that made Tinubu assume after Buhari then , He is next to choose .  But Nigeria is bigger than that, We have other zones with a different mentality in Apc and trying to scuttle power in a  varied place like Nigeria is not possible, the result is acting like a sellout for a period of time thinking, next turn is yours.

You mentioned 2 people and 1 cockroach and you think that is enough?

Power should be given to either the north east or the north central then, at least we will know the north is using it's tenure than it returning to a region that has finished it's tenure, then the north would count it as the tenure of the south

Give the east a chance

Why are you guys always fond of portraying your bad attitude on others? If we analyse your history from Awolowo-Akintola, Awolowo-Abiola, Sonekan-Abiola, Obasanjo-Falai, Olubunmi Etteh-Dimeji Bankole, Tinubu-Bode George, Tinubu-Fayemi  you'll always seen an attitude of pull him down amongst your people as usual.

So because PDP a party that loves infighting decided to cause problems among brothers, it now means that Igbos will fight among themselves for Presidency?

When NE is peaceful and BH is eradicated completely, then we can talk of NE presidency because nobody will allow a " repentant" BH to become president. And as for who the real sell out is, I will send you to go and talk to Zik.
The chance that the South had under Goodluck Jonathan is lost for a long long time to come.

Then present your candidate and let's see if he or she is sellable and viable.

That is not true. And you know it.

Amaechi is from the SS but we from the SE are willing to sacrifice our slot of president for him

you have come with your useless religions card game......i spit

I wish the southeastern leaders can have a closed door meeting with me, there's something I can devise that can give us Presidency if other regions decide to cheat us of our right

Maybe you do not know this but I will tell you. The Northwest created a problem to undermine other regions in the North by creating BH and allowing it to fester. Now it has gotten out of hand. They created Fulani terrorists and allowed them to destroy North central. All because they want to establish unmitigated dominance. They have started encroaching the South.You think they want power to settle in any other place apart from NW?
You think its by mistake that Buhari has refused to retire his service chiefs who are long over due for retirement? Burantai is going to be instrumental in making sure a military takeover happen is the SW or SE and SS cause problems for Buhari's plans of total domination by the NW/ Fulani.

In other words, people like Ogbonnaya Onu, Chris Ngige, Rochas Okorocha and even the current minister of state for Education,Emeka Nwajiuba who was in CPC with Buhari are not fit to win party ticket with APC because their tribesmen did not vote APC? Are you saying that the men listed above did not sow in APC because their kinsmen rejected their party affiliation? Sometimes I wonder what some of you mean by you can't reap where you did not sow especially when this discussion is brought up. If the igbos have no place in APC then stop accepting them if they want to join the party. I am not one who votes for a candidate because he is from my tribe. By 2022, whoever is interested in vying for the presidency in APC should go ahead and campaign and contest the primaries. Let delegates be the ones to decide. Whoever wins, let other party faithful support him. If an Igbo man emerges, you are free to vote against him in the general election.

You want to sacrifice your slot for Amaechi? Is Amaechi not from the SS? This isn't about tribe, we are talking about geo-political zone.

All these your Epistles should have been channel to NK when he was displaying his foolishness to a sitting Governor,instead you are cheering him on,who will b a first suspect even if there is fifth columnist?

Naughty infant!

Because when the leader of Boko Haram was killed they stopped right? Because the North is safe today right?


U can't say it better, foolish minions following miscreants NK, I pity hard working educated Igbos,when your kindred are eating cockroaches at midnight and you never care or warn him, this is the repercussions, deal with it.

You are saying this as a patriotic citizen of a terrorist country, right?

your people have no brain , is Rivers state part of you Ipdiot ehn

I reject Terrorism. You love it, embrace it. We shall see your end.

Go and sleep or look for what to do with your life That place is their homeland and they are Igbos.
True Nigeria people. If you don't know the place, ask questions and not exposing your Ignorance online.

Muna, why do you support Kanu so much. Do you really think that he is a good leader, and do you truly believe his strategy will work? 
Come on, let's seek good governance, igbo presidency and equity for now. If the north or west sees us as IPoBs, they will not trust any igbo candidate. We are meant to build bridges not destroy them.
Once the country is ready to divide, it should divide. Ipobian activities are making igbos more and more hated.
We can't afford to waste innocent igbo lives because of some noisy coward all the way in Isreal. 
Economists have predicted that Igboland/ southeastern Nigeria will soon be the economic central of Nigeria if it doesn't secede, but Kanu has brainwashed you into believing nonsense. We all know that Nigeria is faulty right now, but that doesn't mean that we shouldn't learn from history. Nigeria cannot divide without a civil war, and Buhar has demonstrated that by killing IPoBs.

IPOB need to repent and Submit to Jesus with all their hearts or they will be eventually disgraced

Terrorist every where. I hope there are not boko haram?

And who told you the police officer was killed by IPOB members? Lemme guess....the Fulani controlled police and army abi? They probably carried it on NTA network news as well!
Dude, if you have nothing sensible to say the shut the fuck up!

Being an igbo person here in nigeria is becoming dangerous because of the hate of other tribes and ethnic groups hate igbos
O GOD GUIDE AND SAVE US FROM THIS HATE DONT ALLOW THEM TO RISE TO FINISH US 

-You would know one or two things about cows since you have sexual intercouse with them.

If you have a father you won't abuse mine. Born throw away bastard.  

Pastor, then what happens to Boko Haram? Hypocrites!!

They can't !! The more they hate , the higher we go!! It's very glaring!! We will surely laugh best!! God is with us oo. Proudly Igbo forever!!

So why do you call northerners names for supporting Buhari government even the face of this hardship.....or castigate "Yoruba muslims" for not abandoning their brother EVEN IF HE IS MAD?

Useless bastard.

Hahahahaha... if that's your only mission then what more proof do any Igbo need to know who's a brother and who's not?
You suck in your impersonation attempt. Now scram off fulani terrorist.

I knew you were a yoruba bastard And a stinking ewedu gulping incestuous animal of a bloke 

Useless criminal

U were born by a criminal, raised by a criminal and you are a criminal. Generational thieves. Mushin saliva dripping imbeciile

nice one from federal government

Nigeria government should be ashamed of their projects to the citizens

Let them use it for street lights and for charging of phones

Nigerian government will never stop amazing people; you celebrate or commission 100KW of electricity.
100KW electricity can only be use by 20 houses that consume 5KW hour or by 10 houses that consume 10KW house. 
5KW if they have 1 fridge that start with 2Kw and run on 200W, 1 electric kettle that run on 1.2KW, rice cooker 800w, TV and fan with bulb's have to share remaining 1KW.
If for 10 houses that means houses with 1 fridge that start with 2Kw and run on 200W, 1 electric kettle that run on 1.2KW, rice cooker 800w, 1 deep or standing freezer that start with 3KW, 1 and half horse power splint unity air-conditions 3.5KW, TV and fan with bulb's have to share remaining.
But here they set this 100KW solar electricity for a community with not less than 100 houses with 3 rooms in each house, plus semi industries such as garri companies and others.
And this is what a government can provide for a community with millions if not billion naira, 100KW is not enough for some house with enough electrical gadgets how much more a community.
That's why we always hear power grid of here and there because the power company don't estimate if what they supply can be enough or not, and people don't care to know how much supply that come to their district all they know is that there's light. And as soon the transformer carries above rated load it will break off.
The same will happens to this solar as soon it carried over load and the batteries discharge 85% of it power it will trip off until it recharge full again and ready to supply. 
By the time everyone in and around this community connect up to 80 to hundred house to share 100KW what do you think that will happens? It will lead to battery damage whether is life4pon or lithium, lithium ion batteries. Nigerian government enjoy half baked project to siphon money.
Anyway with 150% of money use to build this 100KW solar to this community, I can use 150% of the money to provide 2MW of 24/7 electricity to the community for 25 years guarantee of stable light and return back in next 25 years to service it for another 25 years stable light supply. 
This 2MW will serve 200 houses with 10KW per house or 400 houses with 5KW per house, no need to connect more than numbers of this house unless there's increase in the MW. You don't just connect light because there's wire with current without knowing budget load of that district.
With our clean energy power plant you will enjoy your 24/7 light, and production companies, hotels, churches and residential home can be at peace knowing they are not spending penny on gas. Serve better than solar because it carries heavy duty electrical appliances.

Your calculations is not right bros, becos you don't know the conditions giving to the end users that will have access to the power. Actually 100 houses can share 100kw, 50 houses can share 100kw, 20 houses can share 100kw...... This loads can be restricted to each household using prepaid meters(for solar power), for example each household will only be capped at 1kw daily.... With this daily cap.... The users knows how to regulate their loads themselves... The only way this 100kw systems will breakdown is if the household is not restricted... I guess you r an installer so am I, I have done an Installation in one big hostel at yabatek housing 50 self contains rooms, 50kw power systems was use on this project, and we installed meters restricted to 1kw per each apartment daily.... this users r been thought on how to economize this small power daily and anyone that roughly uses his 1kw, his power will authomatically cut off, until the next day.

You're right on regulating the meter for 1KW daily, but that's very poor because it doesn't solve electricity needs if single room with 1 tv that consume 150watts per hour, celling fan 50watts, standard  fridge start rate 2kw before return to 200watts.
It's only manage for 25 to 40watts bulbs, charging phone of 5watts per hour, just for mini electricals. 
How can a government provide 100kw for community and believe they archive something.
The 1kw regulations as you caculates can serve the people but doesn't solve their electricity needs.
A mini standard room consume 6kw in a 24h , standard fridge run 24 hours on 200watts per hour,100w tv run for 6 hours, 50w celling fan run for 12 hours, 5watts phone charge for 6 hours, caculates and see that 1Kw per a day doesn't solve anything. This is 2020 not 1970.
Our government is disgrace to development.

Oga, appreciate the little they are doing, after all, your Poverty Development Party did not give them even half kW in sixteen years. The locals are happy, you're crying on their behalf. 

My brother I am liberal, everything can't be politicized

Good one at least a little beginning

Take a good look at the part of the land of IGR that is not a capital

In Nigeria, there are just two parties - PDP and APC. The rest are end of year party.

Only time will tell

They usually install prepaid meters in all the houses wherever such a project is situated. You are very correct with your analysis.

way to go

And all these years, ballot boxes have been reaching this community while development has ceased to reach it. Some ancestors who died without ever setting their eyes on nepa light, I won't be surprised to hear that many of them were die hard supporters of our politicians...

Congratulations to this community for finally entering 1914.

There's a popular village in Abuja called AKARAKA OR GYADNA. It hasn't had electricity for 2000 years. Just recently some poles were erected, hopefully in years to come, electricity might be present 

Wrong thread.

Nice one

This is nonsense, after suffering the people then you  give them crumbs. They will forget their suffering.  This amount can not even power a 5 star hotel, Nigeria is a country of zombies.

After the ceremony the complain will be triple..the light will go off,the solar mechanism will not function...Just go and listen to the real expected users..

Exactly. I was even scannings the pictures if will see more panels. Only saw that small nonsense to power a whole community. Even look at the batteries. How much power can those batteries hold to supply even 20buildings. Maybe the project is just to light up houses and a socket for charging phone, then that will work.

Nice info. Can I get those type of self restricting meters to buy?

your clean energy power plant what does it run on? I hope you know whatever you produce from your power plant must go to the grid? This community is off grid, meaning they are not connected at all to the grid. So the best they can do is to ration the power between each household.

You can contact using my signature on WhatsApp, we have it in stock, you can cap the meter to output maximum daily power of 1kw,2kw and so on, and you can also program it as pay as you go

Look at where humans are living. Brown roofs everywhere. They should continue deceiving their people with fake IGR stats.

I believe this says it all. A government involved in and celebrating giving 1Kw daily. 

A medium sized inverter fridge from my current measurement consumes approx 1kw daily on average cooling settings. What exactly are the students in that hostel supposed to do with that?
Lets be honest with ourselves, and i hope you can be sincere too, it is just NOT enough.

This country is just nothing to write home about.

please tell me more sir How can I get the Power Cap Meter

Yes I am with you on this, though it's still not enough, but it's can still be managed, if you have a student fridge, and on it for 5hours, am sure you cud still get cold water to drink before the next day, like I said, if you have limited power, no one will tell you how to manage it, na you go manage ham your self.... As a student leaving in self contain, to economize, you need to reduce the loads you use... In this way, the little power you have will still be fine.

my brother you've said enough... and many of your type have tried to enlighten citizens and make us question government, but you hear wetin that guy up there talk bah? that they try! we are taking this thing like it's PDP and APC competition and our lives and development depends on it, ... Nigerians are kinda OKAY with the( suffering and smiling) situation we are, thank you  for the awareness,person wey e concern go learn from it.

This is a biased analysis.

What is the energy source for this system that you are describing? Is it a biomass plant?

Oga try commend government for the little they are doing. This will spur them to do more. This is rural community that has never seen electricity before and government decided to give them electricity and you are there complaining. They government must have advised them  on what and what they cannot use on the solar power. The community must have put monitoring group  in place to ensure compliance. This project is primarily to light up the village, charge phones, play music and other basic things. As you can see in the commissioning ground, the people are happy. 
Concerning your proposal, you can contact the government for an upgrade of what is in place or better still, do a prototype in another village and you can have a buy-in by government and people will pay you.

The guy is a fool.
People like him are one of the reasons this country won't move forward. The government, APC or PDP, will give them shit to eat, Instead of rejecting it outright they'll say "atleast they're giving us something to fill our stomach with and we should be grateful for it".
"PDP didn't do it in 16 years" is an unacceptable excuse or justification for APC not doing things right and messing things up even further than PDP did.

both you and the other guy has a valid argument for the sake of us who are not electrically inclined. However, the question should be. Can such power be enough to serve the need of the entire villager even if the electric quantity provided is regulated?

Drop me your contact sir, I think I have something you can bid for in few months time some where in Ijebus east too. Thanks 

Nonsense. History have shown that if you keep commending Nigerian Government or Politicians for giving your little, instead of asking them to step up... What you'll get next will be smaller than the little you commended them for.
 
This is rural community that has never seen electricity before and government decided to give them electricity and you are there complaining. They government must have advised them  on what and what they cannot use on the solar power. The community must have put monitoring group  in place to ensure compliance. 
You really need to stop making up stupid excuses for people's failures. So, because they've never seen light before it's then okay for government to give them electricity they can't properly utilize?

Wow, this is a good development, that agency responsible sure has people that are thinking, i think they should produce this solar grids in larger scale, more also Nigerian government can start partnering with this solar companies,  in china, and also lithuim-ion  battery manufacturing, what's the point of taking all that loan from china if we can't partner with them.

There is nothing to celebrate here if we look critically at the issues at stake.This is a federal project, meaning it has the backing of the federal government. Something that needs to be pointed out is that Buhari has not prioritised the building of gas fired power plants in the past 5 years that he has been president. 
Gas power plants are what we have that can cheaply provide enough power at affordable costs to meet the energy needs of the country. 
Can the people in this community now set up welding workshops or hair dressing saloons based on the electricity they now have? What is the essence of a project that can not spur much needed development and economic activities?
These offgrid solar minigrids are waste of resources.
The battery systems in the picture are based on lead acid batteries, in less than 3 years time those batteries will need to be replaced and by then no one will be interested in providing the funds for the replacement and the people will be back in darkness.
Also the number of solar panels in the picture is inadequate to charge a 100kw system. So the system can not provide 100kw continuously. 
The lead acid batteries will be damaged if that system is run beyond 25kw continuously from what I can see in the picture. I will give that system 1 year to pack up due to insufficient float charging of the batteries. The solar panels numbers need to be increased. 
The question is why is Buhari not keen on building big gas powered electricity generation plants. 
Obasanjo started many power plants under the NIPP scheme, Jonathan completed many of them, the northerners were complaining that the NIPP power plants were in the south where the gas supply is and the projects should be stopped. Buhari has simply stopped further development of the NIPP projects just like the northerners were asking for, why are we cutting out noses to spite our faces?

Trully ? Or is it because they did not decamped with him ?

Let police investigate him and if found wanting, should be dealt with. I don't want anything IPOB in my new beloved Ebonyi state. IPOB is synonymous with thuggery, underdevelopment and crime.

Stupid politicians, their selfish interest will destroy them all, because decamped to APC, the formal party members have become an automatic enemies coupled with accusations.

This news does not come as a surprise to some of us. We already know that IPOB is the terrorist wing of PDP.

What brought IPOB here? Must you be stupid before you make your statement?

Boko Haram, Fulani's herdsmen and bandits are terrorist wing of APC !

What a shame. Let's hope Umahi's journey towards his destination would be successful otherwise

Wike and Umahi are both fools they want to be in a good book of their  Northern masters because of  2023 election they now accused Ipob wrongly.

Umahi should thread with caution, We did not come here to play

Umahi with his own hand sent himself into political wilderness.

You political traitors using IPOB to market your selfish  political aspirations to the caliphate shld know that your  days are numbered... you sellout your people in exchange for political positions... their blood shed as a sacrifice for your political advancement & you think its funny... surugede is a dance of the spirit...  you lots stink to the heavens due to the gutter politics you play at the expense of your constituents... in spite of the age long havoc wrecked by bokoharam in the north, you hardly hear their political leaders politicise it...  but these fools will be at the forefront blackmailing their people to curry favor from their political slave masters.... but soonest, their shall be a paradigm shift when the hunter s shall become the hunted... keep dancing naked in the market place... & keep it in mind that no amount of darkness can stop THE RISING SUN...

If I hear thread with caution. Who doesn't know that the PDP are the sponsors of IPOB?

Umahi shut up, egwu and anyim is now a member of ipob, ok when the duo support you to win governorship of 2015 and 2019?. they are the freedom fighters then, just because you join apc yesterday and they refuse to join you, they now terrorist and ipob members, UMAHI foolish and wicked politician stop all these allegation and face your new terrorist party

Umahi please don't take this route....... you are one of my best governor...... just join APC jeje ...... don't destroy your integrity and please remain focused.

Umahi had a very good name until he signed that document needed to priscribe APC as a terrorist, now he is making enemies within his kinsmen, APC bringing confusion

With all these things UMAHI is doing, he thinks he'll get the ticket in 2023. He's on a long thing. There no hope for Igbo pple in 2023. It'll take a huge miracle from the almighty for that to happen. He should better be still because OUK is bigger than him both in and out. 

This Governor just bought himself headache after defecting, He will now keep talking unnecessary till his tenure finishes.

Why is IgbereTV now specializing on anti-IPOB news of recent? The federal government propaganda machine is trying to use IPOB as their excuse for their failures, using PDP's 16 years in office is no longer defensible.

See this impostor, Who ask you for your opinion

This is why it is not wise to help a very desperate and selfishly ambitious fellow to a powerful position. Because he will soon turn against you.
EGWU and co made this man governor because they felt that former governor's choice of Prof Chukwu was done without their consultation. Now Umahi will throw more insults at them for not joining him to APC forgetting that they contributed majorly to making him the governor he is today. Elechi knew him too well, which was why he didn't want to hand over to him.

Because he did not join you to apc now is the oga of ipob in the state, since you did not tell us in first tenure even in diz second tenure you won before you decamped to apc you are telling us lies. 
Now because of your decamping to apc they will zone president to south east for your dream, now northerners are calling for the sack of fashola becuz he told the party to respect zoning please don't allow the respect I have for you as best south east governor die down

Tell us what we don't know.. which chapter is Nwodo leading?
Shout out to senator Abaribe, IPOB leader Abia zone

Igbo Judases have started again. They will not see how their own is betraying them now. shameless people

You're the sentimental one.. check yourself

Seems some ipob people have turned themselves into mercenaries and tools being used by politicians to wreck havoc in the SouthEast.

UMAHI USED ISLAMIC BANK TO BUILD FLYOVER, NOW HE IS FEELING LIKE THE SHIT. HE HAS THREATENED TO ELIMINATE MEN THAT BROUGHT HIM TO POWER AND NOW HE IS MAKING GOOD THAT THREAT BY ACCUSING THEM OF BELONGING TO IPOB, RATHER THAN PDP. WHEN UMAHI WAS IN PDP WITH THEM, THEY WERE NOT IPOB MEMBERS. WELL, A MAN THAT THREATEN TO KILL OPPOSITION WILL NEVER MAKE A GOOD PRESIDENT.

umahi if you get sense don't thread this part ooo by castigating your own people

Umahi has destroyed himself. Umahi has lost it totally and will face the wrath of the people.

This kind of political expediency by Umahi is like an ill wind that blows nobody any good.

Is there a crime in that?

Let him keeps washing his linens in public because of little crumps throwing at him 

Don't fall for these guys gimmicks

APC brought Nigeria to one of the worlds most impoverished country. Can any saner person quash his political party's goodwill to join APC?

He even said he didn't know whether what he was saying is truth or not, but Lai Mohammed will never call this a fake news because he is now an APC slave. I reserve my judgement till after the rapture.

IPOB is a terrorist organization and they won't succeed in my beloved state Ebonyi

I can never trust igbo

Umahi is now losing his mind. There must be something that makes people go mad when they join APC

Mad man.
So ipob is the reason for all the underdevelopment, crime amd thuggrey in ebonyi since the state was created?

it pain this clueless Governor that they don't decamp with him.


I dont think so, But the guys comment is sometimes sickening to be honest

He doesn't know. One thing is certain, the ill wind he is blowing is the fire that will definitely consume him, let him continue

Anyim that brought you into politics and singlehandedly installed you as governor in 2015 is now an IPOB member? ... Some politicians self, no honor or loyalty, just selfish interest.

This is crazy .. I don't have a problem with Umahi in apc trust me , he needs it, But calling names is where I have an issue

It's classical. Once they join APC they just start behaving like people whose brain has been infested with cow dung.

I don't know why igbo hate theirself so much, even the president in Aso rock who is the chief of arm force set boko haram Free.

So sad this man is being used against his People just because of bread,......did the north tell you those behind book haram? .....can someone like this be ever trusted.

Good question! Even if that's true, so he knew it all along and kept mute, that makes him an accomplice.

You are Igbo, I am Igbo. Ipob members are our brothers. But when you want to destabilize his government with mayhem because he didn't toll our way, he has the right to resist it. He is not informing the security to start killing innocent citizens but authorizing the security to arrest aggressive illiterate Ipob members who may want to go ahead and burn down the State. Umahi meant well for his State. It is the honest truth.

My governor, I love you and over 75% of Ebonyians love you even as you decamp to the opposition party, APC. But if you begin to make baseless accusations to cause unrest in our dear state, your support will wane. How could you make such a weighty accusation simply because they refused to decamp with you? If you go by this vile fight, your will kill your political career

Mind you it is not a crime to respond to a group opinion, provided you are not a member

Even if he wants to fight his opponents why should he use allegation of IPOB against them knowing that the army of police like to use any suspicion of IPOB member as an excuse to kill and terrorise innocent igbo youth in the east?

He's now APC! Party of Ass holes

This Gov Umahi was doing quite well before joining the ruling party. It is evident that virtually all defectors are always quick to pass on unnecessary and unguarded statements against their previous parties. For me, this will only account for his rapid loss of political capital rather than increasing his popularity through the undue sympathy trick he is trying to gain for himself. I will advise him to come down and make peace with his brothers at home. Political office is short-lived, but the development of his state is what history will remember him for. 
His time in government is very limited and should be used to build more bridges rather than the unnecessary infighting he is currently engaging in.I admire him as a person, and he must not naively inherit the disgust most people have for the evil party he has chosen to belong to.

Didn't know Umahi could be this low. 
Umuahia please face your front. you are beginning to sound like a broken  bucket already. you see this your political ambition, please carry it out without stepping on your own toes.

That is no news! Just say any bad thing about Nigeria and u'll see them rejoicing.

They said, IPOB is synonymous with thuggery and vandalism. please who is the founder of the Proscribed Terrorist group IPOB?

He even said: it may be true,  it may not be true.  Umehi should verify his words before coming out to the public.  His inconsistency is doing more harm than good,  he can bend down and get support from his people though in APC but not what he just did via this statement.  This is not how to play politics.
 

And what is wrong with this foolish man? Has he joined wike in this foolishness? NONE OF THEM WILL JOIN YOU TO APC. DEAL WITH IT

How can PDP be sponsoring Boko Haram and APC led federal government is capturing them and turning them to VIPs? If you believe that report from that so called dumb NSA, then you two are birds of same feather...

They'll keep being there in Ebonyi state and there's absolutely NOTHING you can do about that

And who even needs your trust?

Atleast they're members to a Group that's fighting for a just call

VERY SOON AFTER YOUR PRIME AIM OF DECAMPING COULD NOT BE ACHIEVED, SHAME WILL BE YOUR NICK NAME.

would have dropped my own side of view on this issue but on seeing the part he said this might be true or might not though he was saying its not true either but it was just what he heard and wants the public to know about it.....okay let me just say he has no say as he statements are based on mere I hear say dem talk say....until your certainly accurate of an assertion don't force your philosophical thoughts of urs abt it on us. thank you very much.

I will keep calling it Bia fraud because its just a money making scheme for kanu and his likes..... Even Ojukwu shouted one Nigeria and even contested for an Election if im not wrong. 

Umahi cannot be trusted, don't ask me to vote for him. I will rather vote someone trust worthy, infrastructure or no infrastructure

Bunch of opportunistic rogues in power, after destroying the economy, still want to hold unto power 

Not again , let a Christian from Southeast and a Vp from Muslim Northeast , that is a bit better

Southern unity didn't die in 1993 when Igbos supported Tofa against Abiola? Continue to fool yourselves...

Keep quiet, stop saying nonsense. Obasanjo and Ekuweme contested for the ticket. No one dash anybody anything

Shut your mouth, no one gave SW presidency, obasanjo and Ekuweme contested for that primary, use your brain

Their body language and disposition is an absolute opposite of what you stated there. But whether the SE likes it or not, Osinbanjo will be our next president and Sanusi the formal emir as his VP, Yoruba, Hausa, Igbo will  be treated equally, terrorism will be crushed, the economy will fair well because of Osinbanjo's detribalised nature and him bringing technocrats to the cabinet, and the emir will take over when he's done his 8years. The emir can then pick an easterner as his vice. The easterners will have to wait this one out.

Not even the NW region power house of Nigeria has led Nigeria's presidency twice since 1999 - (Yar'Adua was interrupted by death) - so what makes you feel that the Yoruba SW region will go for a second time after Buhari?
Develop more sense before greed drives you to die of high BP.
It's the turn of the SE to succeed PMB.
 
well you can have the presidency by burning mosques in the east and storming aso rock with your ragtag ipob monkey army. but one thing is certain you're not having the votes of the SW or the north. It's either the SW has it, or am good with the North having it with a SWern VP, Nobody will hand over the highest office in the land to enemies of the state.. go hug transformer if you like.

You're way too reasonable sir. Unfortunately that doesn't work on nairaland

You won't fight because you know you'll loose....plus we lots are banking big in tech, music and finance. You talking about us being a tribe of broke people on this platform, when a Yoruba basically owns the platform. Fucking hateful loosers.

Yoruba was about to declare Oduduwa Republic after MKO was denied presidency and Obasanjo was incarcerated by Abacha regime. Mainstream Igbo has been at war with the separatist IPOB, so go to hell with your shiit of cheap separatists blackmail. Even today, mainstream Yoruba elites are championing separation for Oduduwa Republic from Nigeria.
 
even if this happened we never resorted to name calling or making inciting remarks against the polity, it's why we were even branded as cowards by most people, even after the Abiola saga and the incarceration of Obj by the abacha regime to the glee and happiness of igbos who gave their support to abacha because of his attitude towards the Yorubas; the Yoruba's never came out to express hate towards the igbos and even when obj was elected president he largely favored the igbos in appointments... Even today mainstream oduduwa proponents are largely peaceful and don't engage in sub terrorist activities against the state. This can't be said of MASSOB and IPOB who have played the divisive, hateful and bring him down politics. You think by bringing tinubu down it will make way for which ever leader that is presented by the SE, same kind of politics is eating you guys up internally cus every money miss road okoro wants to be president and he can only do this if he brings down emeka who is also running, add to that one big outsized ego and a small population/region....   

you guys have even lost before the game started, reason why PDP can't even zone it there.
 
same way you also spoke for "Nidigbo" without listing any of your personal achievements..... I have no achievements actually, am just a jobless retiree close to 30.

Guy all jokes aside, I quoted someone that used the name of JESUS to pray igbos never get the presidency. I replied him back in kind. (deservedly so) But your ire is directed at ME?
And the igbos are the hateful loosers according to your logic?? In what planet does that make an iota of sense based on who i was replying to? I have doubts whether some of you were raised in loving households with both parents. Your public outbursts are so uncouth

After OBJ's 8 years in Aso Rock after 1999, let's not count his days as military HoS and the tenure of the Yoruba interim president of Nigeria, you still discount the fact that the Igbo has not taken its turn at Aso Rock for once, that means you are anti peace and progress and unity in Nigeria. What separates you from the separatists? You are truly a nit wit they branded you since you don't reckon with the importance of justice and equity in a country of multi ethnic groups like Nigeria.

You got my first sentence wrong, it doesn't mean a Yorouba can't run an inclusive goverment or haven't been doing that like you mentioned but my emphasis was on power rotation and mentality when it come to Heirarchy.

and according to your dumb retarded logic by saying "you lots remain broke" means that all Yoruba's online are broke.... and by referring to a whole tribe as "you dipshits" makes you someone brought up in loving households with both parents.... Jokes aside you're a fucking hypocritical piece of shit raised by a hateful tribe.....fuck off

And it's also interesting to note...the guy never mentioned his tribe. But YOU assumed he was yoruba. That alone says a lot

Yeah get my votes through insults...
We didn't get the presidency by being tribalistic, abusive, islamophobic cretins with a dangerous sense of entitlement.... Besides the igbos aren't the only tribe in Nigeria, most of these tribes haven't gotten a chance at presidency since 1960 but they aren't threatening us with separation or just being a hateful whiny bitches, the Yoruba's have proven to be non tribalistic in government it's why we get the support from those minority tribes...... You can come to my house on election day and force me to vote SE or rig the election for SE to promote justice and equity in a country of multi ethnic groups like Nigeria.

You're a dumb hypocritical fuck, kindly fuck off from quoting me. Stupid brainless.

You admit that even some other ethnic groups in Nigeria have not gotten the presidency for once; so why will the Yoruba go for more than once  - from 1999?
You contradict yourself. A Yoruba ethnic bigot like you shall not even come out to vote if there is no Yoruba in the presidential ticket of any of the two major political parties in 2023. Igbo voted for OBJ, MKO.

It's no point continuing to join issues with an ethnic bigot like you who has no sense of equity and justice.

according to you because of our support for buhari in 2015 and the fact that it's the turn of the south, plus our leaders know how to carry other tribes along and accommodate others. Most igbos I know in 2015 won't vote buhari simply because he was a Muslim, and it's the same igbos who spare headed different islamophobic campaigns against MKO by calling him an islamist and claiming to dump bibles in the sea, MKO won the election by the votes he got from the north and SW, Obj was placed in by the cabal. Just like the north with a dozen tribes and sub tribal groups cannot share presidency to those groups anytime it's zoned to them, so south can't do the same by zoning it to the different tribes in the region. Each region at the end of the day has to pick someone who would pull most votes on a sub regional level first, then move to national level and at sub regional level SW holds more votes spread across both PDP and APC. Anyways I'd come out to vote if a qualified Edo man or efik man is running for president. Go to sleep.

Your hypertension is sweet honestly, Who knew only the yorubas are a tribe. Learned something new today. Obviously you're in a fighting mood but only wish to do it online. Spineless idiot
 
Nah, Yorubas are a Jewish race lost in Africa.. Come 2023 my fighting mood will go offline, and go straight to the ballot box with a dozen people I can carry along with their votes.

Go to sleep ipob brainless.

Again, more harmless ramblings. Imagine a whole me fighting over Nigeria with your ilks. God forbid. Don't you dare ever put that curse on my head. 
Nigeria is yours to have. Eat that shit 
I prefer to get my joy knowing our pockets are not equal.

Everyone's rich and successful online.....until they log out. There's no need to brag about my riches to someone I don't know on the other side of a screen. And you're right; Nigeria is mine to have and I will fight for it because I'm a stakeholder and you're not....so fuck off from this thread to your overweight lady.

Even though he has been in PDP, he has full APC mentallity they can go to any length to grab power.

God bless you

This one is selling his kins because of political post... But last last they will not give him the presidency,... I rather vote for Thief Tinubu than this idiot from ebonyi

I feel this assertion or allegations should have come before he decamped, when he was fully in the party and also the Chairman of SE Gov's forum. Why now? Does he hide under someone's umbrella?

Political leader recruiting cultists and hoodlums?  And all of us are shouting security issue. That means these so call leader are Nigeria security problems

When they start now You will start lamenting

When they start now you will start shouting international community, icc, un, au, usa

you just said it all, this is the man that used thugs to force people to join pdp and worked against his boss in all the policy and programs of the administration. Now I understand that the law of karma really exist

Once these international community play neutral then forget Nigeria

What will you do to Nigeria 

Traitors everywhere  

why didn't he say all this while he was in PDP? Hypocrisy.

This man should shut up if he can't protect his people. 

And that governor is assumed a leader in Igbo land? See how he's misbehaving because some people from the north have promised some political goodies. Selling his people to buy personal wealth. Divide and conquer is really working.

To those insulting wike, even your brother is selling his relatives out because of 2023, truly southern politicians are mostly useless

Gov. Umahi, NDIGBO is with you on all moves to curb the excesses of IPOB and her supporters. The aftermath of #endsars protest with the attendant destructions attributable to IPOB shows the group should be lodged out of Igboland. Your vocal voice is welcomed by all well meaning Ndigbo, home and abroad. You are now a leader of the Igbo ethnic nation, not just Ebonyi. In the coming days, we the well meaning Ndigbo will rally around you, to show solidarity with the true Son of Ndigbo, which you have become by your daring moves and speeches which aims at benefitting the Igbo nation, as a whole.

This is serious. I have know Pius Ayim, for some time now. He is a different man. Even when he was senate president, he never trouble the state governor, rather he was busy attracting development in Eboyi, for Umeahi to say this, I want him to becarful. He alone can not achieve his political ambition. These men he accused are the ones the made him in politics. 
He has joined those that knows how to lie and he has started. I hope this will not consume him

I am not surprised because you have never made a reasonable comment before

You now have mouth to talk because you joined apc. Sheepish governor

Fake information! Fake news

Politicians are behind gun runners, ethnic argitations and banditory in the country ..they are wicked

No lamentations

A very big Shame on Umahi. How can he make such spurious statement without providing verifiable evidence. His political career is coming to an end.

Umahi the northern rat, finally showing his true colors

What do you mean accussing IPOB wrongly? is Ipob not  terrorist organistion causing atrocities?

It's a pity look at what they have reduced the only working governor in the SE to it has now been comfirmed that immediately you joined the fulani apc party your brains will automatically be replaced with cow dungs.

This is wrong at all levels. The north doing what they know best, turning brothers against brothers. Biafra and Oodua republic is the future of Nigeria. Ipob might and might not bring Biafra into reality but Biafra will be, Odua will be. Any delay is just selfishness speaking.

Me thinks this man has some personality disorder issues.

If you're Nigerian, chances are you've heard of General Sani Abacha. A shades - wearing dictator, he ruled over the world's most popular country with an iron fist, till he met his end in 1998. Since then, tranches of cash looted by the late General have trickled back to the Nigerian state. In this episode, we examine the life and times of General Sani Abacha and how the Abacha name rose to become more than just a delicious igbo delicacy. 

Every Igbo person, male or female is IPOB. Just demand your right and refuse to bow to powers that operate at the centre. If Sam Egwu and Pius Anyim are called IPOB, Who do you think you're? Don't ever apologise for being called IPOB.

To be fully accepted by Buhari,  you must rant, kick,  and kill as many "Ipob" as possible. If everything fails,  accuse your enemies.

See the type of politicians we are advised to look up to. Umahi, You are a disgrace to Igbo race. Betraying your brother for a plate of food that can never reach you.

in this day and age they still behave like tribal thugs. All they want is the power to enrich themselves at the expense of their own people always with their hand out for free money from any idiot and I MEAN any idiot that will give it to them.

That is part of why Uche Mefor Kanu's deputy resigned.

You bleeped up Cyberterror, I have been reading your quotes and all you say is rubbish. please let me ask you a question. Are you insane? Because it is clear that you don't talk like a sane person. Gosh! Who the fuck are you.

Only a fool will point out a Kings unclothedness......because at the end of the day a King is still a King and a fool is still a fool.

pdps failures are always defensible......they shat the bed real bad.

Wrong. You are wrong. I am not part of a group that insult the entire Ndigbo with non-igbos alike. I am not part of a group that can go out and destroy the few infrastructures we have in Igboland, even not minding the fact that they speak of marginalization which tend to point out how there are no much Federal government projects in Southeast.
How then can they engage in destruction of the few infrastructures we have in Southeast knowing very well that it is not easy to create more.
I don't belong to a group that has the agenda to reverse the little progress Ndigbo has made since after the civil war, knowing very well that Umu Igbo is the Whipping Boy of Nigeria.
I cannot belong to a lawless group. I am an epitome of lawfulness.

How do you know their members? IPOB doesn't pay dues neither do they collect levies. Stop writing nonsense. 
Ebonyi State Governor accused Pius Anyim (former Senate President) and Sam Egwu (former Governor) of being IPOB leaders because of slight disagreement. Who do you think you are.

I think the music is playing against the south west. The way things are going right now in apc.

Crazy man

Please correct me if we have Leaders. Because I have no idea if I have one. Till I start feeling the impact, Because my only relationship with them is my Tax and VATs.

He who must come to equity must do so with clean hands 
It's pure hypocrisy for south west to ask APC to zone presidency to them based on zoning

What about the agreement to give us light?

My humble opinion is that contrary to wide notions, APC and PDP will become obsolete or useless in the next Election. A new Party that embrace Separation of Confederation will emerge. The Party is likely to Emerge from the activists and brains behind #ENDSARS. Take it or leave it.

Everyone should vote for his man, I don't know how Umahi will be able to challenge Tinubu in spending when it comes to primaries, I hope he will not become poor afterwards

Nonsense. Fashola is simply reminding the APC leadership to remember what "unelectable" Buhari and the North agreed to that made Tinubu, Akande, Fashola and many, many Yorubas put all they had behind Buhari recording a historic victory the world said was impossible i.e an opposition Party deposing the PDP that had sworn to lead for another 60 years in 2013-2014.
Igbos were nothing at that stage, had no electoral value, and contributed zilch but hate and insult. They have to wait till at least 2031, with good behavior, to seek anything from the APC. Fashola simply reminds that one good turn deserves another.

No treachery against the Yorubas 150% deserved Presidential ticket of APC will be tolerated. Yorubas have seen what has happened to Tinubu and are meeting and warning 
early.
Nothing concerns Yorubas with PDP. It is APC we know owes us for sacrificing blood and sweat to get the Party where it is. Valueless Igbos can continue fooling themselves but I confidently dare anyone to try and deny the Yorubas the APC ticket.

Fashola no worry, Igbo can never be speaker talk more of senate or vice president then president... who dash them... till 2094 before Igbo rule

Too early to cry

A wise party that wants the growth, peace and unity of this country would project a SE candidate..

You might be right, if Atiku dollars couldn't win the primaries of Apc in 2018. Well sha, let's wait till 2022

That would even be the albatross of his losing.. Nigeria has gone beyond the stage of money sharing.

Fashola my man. We Yorubas are not begging for the APC ticket, we worked hard for it so it is our right to lay claim to it. As for PDP, they can even give it to a dog if they like since we Yorubas won't ask for profit in an investment we never contributed to.

And your still asking for more... Thats pure undiluted greed if you ask me..

 . Obigbo/Oyigbo coward and empty chest-beater dey talk. We dey laugh. Fashola, a straight-talking and upright Yoruba man, knows exactly why he said what he did.
Igbos have nothing of value to offer anyone. Yorubas, universally, are 80% what is good and commendable about Nigeria and the APC ticket is 100% for the valuable and indispensible
SW. PDP matter is not our business.

You are valueless though. That is the truth free of political correctness some Nigerians like engaging in. What can you offer any Party? 
Igbos are by far the least patriotic Nigerians. Most Nigerians see you as saboteurs and enemies of Nigeria who only want power to use subjugating others and to chase a secessionist agenda. 
Political charisma and voting strength nearly zero plus a clannish polity that does not know how to practice progressive politics. You are valueless.

its madness na! OBJ left Presidency in 2009! Osinbajo will leave Presidency in 2023! And Yorubas still want to produce President in 2023 based on zoning, which zoning?Northeast and Southeast are the only Zones that have not produced President since 1970, it is their turn if you must talk about zoning. Do they think Northerners are fools just because they rear cow
 
I will laugh at you guys soon, the handwriting is allover the walls, you leaders has seen the writing, the day Oshomole was removed that was when the game changed, but most of you are naive to read the political meaning

Tinubu sent emissaries to Bubu last week.Aregbesola/ Fayemi are no more loyal.Then the Lagos GAC members are now revolting.Babs Fowler grilling with EFCC is closing in on Alpha Beta. Now baba Fash is talking about honouring a rotational presidency agreement.

If the igbos are valueless then why crying like a lost puppy, Igbo are valuess but just one single Southeast gov changed party you all have been crying from pillar to post..  
 
Igbos are less patrotic Nigerians.. But they are all over the country going about there business, paying taxes, building markets etc.. 
If they are Valueless why fight so hard just to keep them within the confines of this republic? And you're talking about progessive politics?.. Politics of roundabouts is not progressive bro, politics of round pegs in square hole is not progressive politics.. Leading to the urge of secession by igbo just to champion there own course...
But i don't see you as a political sophisticated fellow.. From your writeup, Your a tribal bigot, who is so pained by the subtle wailings from your region 

God bless bro. Yorubas are honourable people and it would gall most of us to see Yorubas taking an interest in the PDP ticket. Unlike shameless Igbos who cursed, insulted and rejected the APC to now be casting unprincipled and covetous eyes over the APC ticket. A Yoruba is the next President of Nigeria.

Confirm!! The Ibos should steer clear of APC henceforth and fight like a man in PDP where they had more stakes and influence. APC the Islamic terrorist party according to the Ibos is now the best thing after Jollof rice for them. How can you want to reap where you did not sow?

are you threatening the north to dare deny skull miner presidential ticket. what will you people do

Silly IPOBian. Get lost.

So he is now IPOB because he called you skull miner, can you show what made him IPOB or you are displaying the coward in you  

Obasonjo won without Yoruba votes, minus Lagos which many tribes reside, go and check the voting strength in typical yoruba states and Southeast, not minding Igbos are all over Nigeria in large numbers
The reason many Yoruba leaders are indifferent towards the agitation for a YORUBA NATION is cause of the agreement that the presidency is coming here in 2023. If APC or the North tries to short change the YORUBAs, it will be like film for their eyes. 
everybody will answer their Papa name. Igbos would say na them develop Yorubaland, they'll go develop their east by fire by force. North won't be spared. OPC would be a joke compared to what will happen, and they'll know that YORUBAs are the ones holding nigeria as a country. The day we decide to leave, with the support of the elites, it's over for this country. I trust those SS militants, they'll take control of their oil as well. Jonathan armed them well enough before leaving office. It's the North and Igbos that will suffer the most.
 
The truth is you guys can't do shit if other regions refuses to leave Nigeria.. Your only hope is if the major southern zone ie SE decides to join you, even the south south will tread with caution in terms of aligning with you.

Love all tribes and don't discriminate. We are one. If presidency goes South East, what's bad? We are all brothers.

We don't need the Igbos to secede. Once YORUBAs start the agitation with the support of our leaders, the SS would definitely leverage on it to form their own nation. Remember people like Saro wiwa and some other SS people were fighting to control their resources in the past before being silenced. The SS is patiently waiting for the right opportunity to strike and take back control of their resources, they'll control their oil, their ports, their lands. Jonathan armed the niger delta militants well enough before leaving office, cause he foresaw war in the future. 
Like I said earlier, the Igbos and the North would be the biggest loser's. Go ask any granny who lived in the west in the past, they'll tell you how they've been expelled multiple times. Even the North was not spared. I know this cause I served in the North and an army Colonel who was retired told me how he escaped being killed by OPC.

Like I always tell you lots, the fulanis never fought any war to take Kwara from the YORUBAs. Afonja betrayed his brothers, they left him. He then invited outsiders (fulanis) into his kingdom, they stabbed him in the back and installed their emir. YORUBAs didn't interfere, that's why you have an emir in Ilorin today. Even at that, YORUBAs in Kwara and kogi are fighting hard to join the SW back. 
Better tell your brothers to start investing in their region cause time has shown that history would always repeat itself. You're not native to the SW and would never be. When the time comes, you'll pack your bags and go back to Biafra land.  

You would share it and still loose...  except you are the choice the person actually wanted.

These afonjas are naive and gullible to say the least. Only a brainless fool will believe that North will support SW after being in the presidency for 16 years since 1999. hey will support a Northerner to succeed Buhari than allow another person from SW. If these guys are smart, they would have been seeing the handwriting on the wall already. 

You sure don't know what your talking about..

Kindly enlighten me on the matter, I'd like to learn from you.  

Unfortunately for you, an Igbo man will be your commander-in-chief when this will happen. Do anyhow, collect anyhow.

Fashola is one unrepentant closet tribalist...

Every zone can contest APC primaries in 2023 but we all know the zone that will emerge as flag bearer. The daft ones who can't build their party from scratch to national level will cry tire.
You slaved all your life for PDP, jumped ship yesterday and expect the fools who strategized and funded APC to hand presidential ticket to you just like that. Awon asiere.

okay o ! we did not contribute zilch to APC but we can contribute 100 % mayhem to y'all without igbo presidency! you can take that one to the bank sir

but not hypocrisy to ask them to back Buhari back to back for presidency.....please remind me how many times he ran for office and lost before we stepped in?

Oga everyone has the right to contest party primary put your best man forward and we will put ours......stop ranting like a whipped Dog and go prepare your man for 2022.

South West presidency in 2023 is non negotiable.. PMB from North would have completed his 8 years by then all thanks to Yorubas excluding 5 percenters. 2023 is the turn of Yorubas whether any bastard likes it or not. It's the agreement from onset.

Oga why didn't you talk about this when pdp put Jona forward for a second term despite the north calling for it? or what they thought power of incumbency will shield their ass?  .....Oga go and sit down.....what we have agreed with the Apc is our business go and make your own agreements with  the pdp...we can have presidency and choose a vice from the NE if we want.

  a governor that if they hold election in his state today he will lose.....somebody that is a clout chaser...... if he was truly as strong and bold as you claim why didn't he do this in his first term? baba know say it don be for pdp when it comes to holding the center.....he collected two terms and left.... before he would be swept aside in the wave of 2023.

SE is ready to scuttle any attempt, seen and unseen, that will make any person other than Igbo the president of Nigeria. We are ready to bribg Biafra into fruition if anyone stop us from presidency of Nigeria. Arewa know this.  
To appease us and stop us from abandoning zoo, Arewa leaders are now romancing uthatThey are talking to useless saboteurs, same id1otas they used to bring massacre into Abia and caused heart attack to our royal father and his queen in Afaraukwu. 
God will not forgive these bastards. 
Did you hear they ordered Ali Ndume locked up?  Ali Ndume is a respected Kanuri man. Fulani has done far worse than Ndume and has never been locked up. Fulani is afraid of Kanuri. Do you know why?  Because there is oil in Chad basin.  
Look let me tell you, if they discovered commercial oil in Bornotoday,  before end of 2021 Kanuri will leave Nigeria to join with their families in Chad and Daffur in South Sudan. They are all one people and nothing related to fulani. The entire region from South Sudan to Maiduguri will be like UAE with their oil. Where will that leave fulani?   But that na their problem in North, it doesn't no concern me.
Down here in South, zoo is very afraid of Yoruba and Igbo separating and becoming independent. 
Ever since Mazi and his brother on Oduduwa side, His Excellency Kakanfo of Yorubaland have been parleying, everything in zoo has been upside down and inside out.  Fulani terrorists and their southern slaves - Tinubu, Wike and Umahi have been on overtime duty licking Buhari @S3.  
We must keep up the fire because it is working and we see results.  
A part of fulani is whispering and talking to youruba behind doors.  Another part of them is romancing Igbo about 2023.  May God destroy zoo.  
They take what Igbo say and whisper it to Yoruba.  They take what Yoruba say and whisper to Igbo.  
My question is, who are the idiots that believe arewa is the referree to decide who gets presidency?  Who are the bloody freaks that believe fulani must be involved for them to progress in this nigeria?  
Do you not see how Mazi and Kakanfo work together now between brothers?  When was lastime you have seen Yoruba and Igbo fight in nairaland?   You can't see it because leaders on both side are working for mutual interest and progress between the two and their people on either side.  Why can't political leaders in south do same?   Why can't sanwoolu talk to wike talk to obiano and move south along without north?  dem don swear for our leaders ni? 
But you go see wike go visit dankwambo, sanowolu go visit elrufai, you go see umahi go visit abubakar.  They are always happy to be seen with north but are irritated to visit with each other in south. 
We want Biafra and we must get it.  We will burn down this zoo if you mess with us too much.  You can shove presidency in your ass

they know if they don't make noise now it will be another 16 years before they will smell it...... umahi has positioned himself to be a leader for that cause in the Apc so that in 16 years he can push the card forward and be forming we fought for this.

I swear.....we are the ones holding this nation together but we keep getting shat on........ and they will be bragging about it...... .they are lucky our fathers raised us right if not everything would scatter since...

Oga let everybody hold is father's house if it comes to it.....whatever assets they want to lay claim too we are prepared to pay for them............ that is a fact and not ordinary statement.

you think they will go with the north? you think they don't know what is good for them? even Niger won't go with the north.

it's not bad, in fact i want it for them, maybe after doing eight years they will finally let us hear word .... but not in Apc..... you don't get to shit on our plate and still have the gut to come ask us for food......

the weed you must be smoking must be high grade to think Zulum will leave his Governorship to be vice to an ibo president.....maybe el-rufia but that one is sure to poison umahi and take over.

we will and your cheque better not bounce this time.....we are still waiting for you all to do your exodus out of Lagos like you promised if jona should lose  the 2015 elections.

What was his Political influence compared to ACN?

Don't give yourself false hope igala man

Remove Aregbesola out of your nonsense propaganda. We know what we'll use Against you people as I've always tell you

U all will be shocked! Your elders already know that the ground have shifted and SW have lost out. It's not by shouting 

bro, it's all lies, did you know how much obaseki spent for the last election, the money still play a major role in our election

You are a fool.
We do not care. All the gods of Yoruba lands cannot stop Igbo presidency in 2023. Talk more of you

okay when he was running with Anpp in 2007 how far did he get? and is it Npdp that started in pdp in 2015 then jumped to Acn....then in 2019 formed Apc to challenge Buhari.....is it that same npdp you are talking about?  ..... Oga please take a sit......it's already past your bedtime.

Because you guys are lazy and scared of losing free money.

Wailing is allowed. We are taking both APC and PDP. You can go back to Dahomey if you are pained

I never said he can't leave governorship to become vp.....I said he won't leave to be vp to an ibo man.....if you cannot comprehend let us know so we can get you an English teacher.......p.s those people you mentioned can you tell us where their career is at the moment.... 

But he will leave to become VP to a Yoruba man. If you dey travel, you for know sey the North value an Igboman more than the slithery things from a waste land.
Umahi will defeat Tinubu. That one sure me die. 
We move

Oga agreed we are lazy, unruly agberos.....just if Nigeria breaks up, promise to pack your things and leave our land.....your properties will still be yours and we will be prepared to help you maintain your business for you as long as you pay us enough to drink paraga daily.......our only ask is you leave the land of the lazy.....if you know when that time comes you won't have the balls to leave then I suggest you keep quite and keep giving us free money..... 

Buhari did far better than all Acn presidential candidate combined in one election

and yet you blame them daily for not giving you presidency, despite serving them in pdp for over 16 years......even umahi that you are gassing up is proof that they are not prepared to support an igbo presidency, which is why he jumped ship.....at least if he wont chop presidency, they will give him ministarial appointment for the next eight years.....keep drowing in pain boss......it's allowed..... 

and yet they ran to them in 2015..... then again in 2019..... please tell me the people in those other parties that had the sauce like the Jagaban.....and how is it the rice they were cooking didn't come out right before Tinubu......I'll wait.....

It is good to make ourselves happy.

You do not know politics

See the conclusion for someone far from being diplomatic.

Because Igbo does not what to do. Sebi na lie Amotekun come to stay. They killed Ipob Igbo leader kept quiet. Old people are still afraid of death. I trust Yoruba leaders instead they are praising Buhari. They just became Dogs that vomited and went back to lick. Something will make Yorubas unanimously say we leaving, and count days it is achieved. Truthfulness always may Almighty to be in our favour.

They are beginning to see the handwriting on the wall but it came late to them. The truth is Sw would be the last region to be considered for 2023 presidency. They are not even a threat to 2023 presidency

  this one is online forming agbero while a Yoruba VP has long been relegated to condolence messenger leaving Gambari to run the real political games. Spare us that Yoruba nonsense

brother with all these brouhahas, come 2023, there'll be nothing APC or PDP. I surely know it and these politicians will be relegated because another protests is underway.
You've seen it all. 

Which source? ....jagbdan that could not nearly deliver lagos? Oh please .....Jagbdan that lost Oyo and ondo even with billions given to him. Oga talk better thing

Good you said everyone has the right to contest. But it is obvious you're the one wailing here 

and yet he remains a constant factor.....at least he delivered the SW....and while working with Osho baba got imo state governorship and made a run for bayelsa governorship.......please tell me which igbo state our brothers in the SE delivered.....

Get which imo? Abba kari was man who made it possible 
Tinubu is nobody he can't even influence oyo and ekiti

We hear this every 4 years and nothing changed......

Keep dreaming, and which party go full national assembly?

Aboki don play dem panyan...afonja reloaded, how will they learn from history when they removed history from school's curriculum?

They never see anything! We warned them about northern cabal, Tinubu is a learner , they said he knows politics , it's time he sits among students and learn how to always put history into consideration

APC always told us zoning was nonexistent in their party. Fashola should leave it at that. We will probably support a candidate from the North east or South east. The South west has had enough. They don't deserve power.

Ken Nnamani was President of Senate and Ike Ekweremadu was the Senate VP before this regime but you were probably knew nothing about the political clime in Nigeria at the time.

 How please? South east always work against interest of APC, infact they don't want APC to survive.

I just archived your statement, for future reference.

You see when you write like this and Igbos reply you in the same coin, you will say they're not respectful and bla bla bla. You should know, after 60 years as a neighbour, what Igbos stand for. Equity and Justice is all they've been fighting for till today and they won't stop.

Some governors have joined us, from where we think we could not get voters before. To retain power in 2023, certainly if we keep our promises, people will vote for us. It is that simple, that is politics. If you do what you said you will do even if you don't do 100 percent and they see that you are making progress, they will even want you to finish somewhat you started. Fashola.
This Fashola can be very greedy. When Obasanjo join from Kuje prison, did the Yorubas deserve to have the opportunity in PDP?
Nigeria is a peculiar country and should be treated as such.
Every region should be supported to lead the country.
If Fashola and his likes want everything to be contested, then he should also stop quota system so the best candidate can be chosen in all spheres of the nation's system.

The Igbos should have the presidential ticket in 2023 Mr man.. it's a shame for you to think your own tribe is more Nigerian than other tribe..the yorubas and the norths have been on helm of affairs in presidential and the vice so let Igbos have it naw because..Yoruba and hauses are not more Nigerian than the Igbos  and we have  over 400 tribes in Nigeria every Nigerian have right to rule.

The North central just like the South west would be a hard sell.

Same foolish behaviour some tribes exhibited when they started associating tribes and regions to party is what you are making.

Hypocrite you taunt Igbos for chest beating when you are the chronic chest beater. You think Yoruba have the balls to cecede? Go and ask Babangida who said if he wakes up and hears the Yoruba playing drums of war he will go back to sleep because they are cowards. How true this is I dont know, but I feel that the Yorubas are too weak and afraid only confined in southwest. You dread other regions like anything, come out of your comfort zone first.

be true to yourself, do you really think Igbo's deserve APC ticket? a party they hate with passion, a party they Islamist party, can APC win in the east, you need to fight for PDP ticket with you have labored for

5 party formed APC ...igbos lead 2 Yorubas lead one ...north 2 ...so relax.

So your grieviance would be that you were denied presidency after 8years of presidency and 8years of VP?... you have no point.

Yet they gave APC senators ,governors , reps.,? ...what prove do you have

That isn't important as they would say, after all they make more money when there is no power. Greedy criminals that know nothing but political power sharing. The game is about to go against them now. You don't enter into an agreement with a power drunk and expect honour. North will never release power willingly, it is in their DNA to rule whether or not the person is useless to leadership.

That was because of Babangida who denied M.K.O Abiola his rightful presidency and June 12 saga... Yet the Yorubas still voted for Olu Falae from AD...

You think it's by emotions? #endsars from what we have seen is just a regional struggle. For a new party to get a foothold, it will need a lot to be put in place, resources resources resources and that is never easy to come by, so forget it for now, 2023 will still be about the PDP and APC, tho with so many surprises sha

are you surprised? that's how opportunists are, the same fulani masters they loathe others for, they are now ready to get in bed with them

You think Nigeria starts and end in the southern region abi? Oga even if the whole south were to agree with you and vote for an end Sars candidate the north will go against the move....that's nigeria for you, miserable country

So Bababgida owns PDP? He also own the opposition party, as he could have also nominated a Yoruba person. Mister, stop giving excuses.

You people are too difficult to engage in reasonable arguments, but you bring all manners of nonsense to the table of meaningful discussions. Firstly, who elected obasanjo? Obviously SW never elected obasanjo, but was selected by the north in agreement with the SE. Obasanjo has no ability and capacity of a true Yoruba. Obasanjo's civilian regime was a watershed to appease the death of Abiola otherwise, azikwe regime too as irrelevant as it might have been should equally be counted as number of years ibos have led the country

My brother i understand your point.... Your reaction is typically normal of which i may react same way in this situation.. But for long everybody has been clamoring for igbos to practice inclusive politics, extending and building brigdes which is exactly what they are doing..
Bro the end game to me is not about tribe or who becomes the president , the end game is fairness, justice, best social economic development, security, etc.

Was it the people that elected them senate president and deputy SP?... that's an internal arrangement.

Fashola is begging that agreement should be respected. What of the agreement your party had with the people in 2015, your manifesto? How many have you kept?

You are a  big idiot. The north made Buhari president. Go back and check the vote difference between PDP and APC in South West in 2015. It is over 400,000 votes which Enugu votes alone neutralized. In 2019, APC struggled in South west and even lost Oyo State.

I'm a secessionist, I don't give a fuck about the presidency. It's some SW leaders that are eyeing the presidency that we want their eyes to clear. Once their eyes clear, they'll support the agitation for a YORUBA nation.

How you want to sideline a very important point of 16years being in the presidency is really mindboggling..  yet dont even want another to come close.. problem dey ooo.. you would have just done  change of ownership of the country.

How many senators, governor and rep compare to what they gave PDP? Why do you think PDP refused to give south west Chairmanship but zoned it to south south region? Only a party that bound to fall will zone important office to a region where they don't have root.

Too late to wail Mr Fash, Buhari, Elrufai and Northern APC power-blocks will never ever respect that stupid agreement of returning power to South West. Mark my words. It is either the North zone power to SE and have VP, or zone VP to SE and retain power. It's very clear no space for Yourba come 2023. Haba! go and rest

If apc want to lose that seat they should zone is to the West... PDP will counter them by giving it to the North again, and igbos I know will rather prefer a Northern candidate against south Western candidate, and north will vote for their brother again just to hold sware to the presidency with Igbo voting for north of their brother is the running mate, afonjas should go and rest joor

PDP never refused south west chairmanship ...I failed to present a candidate because of in fighting, stop trying to change history 
If it's so north east gave far more votes than South West na ...so does that mean they should get the president ?

It is not only today you have been thinking like a lunatic so this shouldn't come as a surprise to any person with an iota of intelligence. Zoning in Nigeria is btw the North and South and never between NW NE NC SS SW SE. 

talking like a slave

You can keep dreaming but will be alive to reality very soon. Keep thinking , while other keep acting

Babaginda never said those words, it's Igbos that say it to taunt the YORUBAs. Secondly, YORUBAs have started pushing for secession and the federal government dare not give us the Ipob treatment. We have started created awareness for oduduwa nation and even the north are saying we shouldn't threaten them with secession.

I thought many southwesterners on here said that presidency can't be zoned to the southeast.... Igbos should go and build bridges or contest like every other person. Fashola forget zoning let the southwest contest for primary with other tribes in apc...... Free and fair

See don't fool around what's not, no party has said they zoning presidency to any where, you don't you focus on this 2020 wey never finish. N.B if a good technocrat comes out of South East best believe I will vote him , but if I don't see and I see one in South west, I go vote for him.

Well said 

Why do you dislike Igbo? Is that how you train your children?

When obasanjo was given PDP ticket did we worked for it?

Though I am Youruba. I strongly believe it is the turn of the South East.

Oga you people re holding nothing together... Everybody is ass licking the North... They're the ones holding this country.... Wake up and smell the coffee and stop chest beating

Go and sit down, pres.buhari knows that the fastest way to lose to PDP is to zone it to Yoruba.
How would you get 8yrs President, 8 vice president and want another 8years president yet neither south south or South east have nothing close to that.
You want nigeria to boil or want PDP to take over? You have already benefited from buhari presidency for betraying other southern region.
When it is coming south it will be south east for justice and equity.
What has osinbajo done for you guys.

unfortunately for you' this is a country and not a property, things are not done that way in a country, when Zik and co fought for the independence' Tinubu and co were not there, and today' none of their children comes forward to remind us or fight for power as a result of that, Nigeria doesn't belong to any tribe or any person, if given the opportunity to serve by the people' good and fine, but if not' don't  make it look like it's your right by agreement, never, we are human beings not 
some pieces of land, Nigeria is for all, we need to get that into our heads please, it can be Tinubu, it can be any other person as well, the question is' how competent, trust worthy, intelligent, honest is he or she, it's not all about building a political party, it's all about equity and justice, no one is more Nigerian than the other, if we cannot maintain equity and justice' what's the essence of "one Nigeria"

Stop being self centered.... Nigeria belongs to every indigenous tribe in Nigeria not just Hausa and yoruba

why should we leave our region. YORUBA land that everyone is running to is where you want us to leave, so you can take over ? There's nothing in the east, Igbos know this, which is why you run in doves to other regions. There's also nothing in the North, apart from the onions, tomatoes, which they bring, and we also have them here in the SW. 
Secondly, we flaunted our flag, currently propagating and creating awareness for oodua nation. I usually wear the clothes out sometimes and no military or police man dare challenge me. Sensitisation has been ongoing in the SW, when the YORUBAs would have their nation, you lots would be caught unaware like you have always been caught unaware in the scheme of things, and would be expelled back to Biafra land. You will apply for visa be coming here and would be deported if you do anyhow.
Lastly, SW governors came out together to form a security network which the federal government strongly opposed. Your eastern governors wanted to replicate it, then went ahead to invite the igp. Shows who has balls here. Like I've always said, you lots would be caught unaware when it happens. Don't say I didn't tell you. There's a reason your ancestors always build their first house in the east even though it's in the west they usually get their livelihood from, it's because of their past experience of being expelled from the west multiple times, and massacred in the north multiple times. Don't say I didn't warn you.


What in the world re you blabbing about. You make absolute nonsense sound smart but its still nonsense

That's why north east was compensated,  they hold important positions in Buhari government. In as much as voting capacity is important, financing a party is also important. You see why Wike become more powerful than other governors in PDP.  I don't want to engage you in issue of PDP Chairmanship.


Why is it that when intelligent people join APC, they start & acting foolishly and stupidly?

Stop displaying your stupidity in a public forum. Igbos contributed reasonably towards Buhari's victory in 2015. The likes of Ogbonna Onu(A member of the founding fathers of apc), Rochas and Ngige were active all through the time of the campaign for Pmb. You're filled with hate for Igbos and this is just the beginning because your Lord and personal saviour Tinubu will never rule Nigeria. Get it into your skull

Only in your minds ... someone who struggles to win lagos

But south west got better deal than them ...so what's your point ..u gave APC less than 60%  so and you got better deal than north east that have 65% so where is the equity in that

You think is all about spending? If is spending buhari couldn't have won the primary in 2015! It's mostly who the power brokers want..the governors tells the delegates who to vote! Once there's consensus then that's it

Oga keep quite, Rochas jumped from pdp then tried to take over Apc party state structure and failed when he wanted to install his son in law as governor....then he went about to set him up in different party and supported his campaign, when that one lost and Rochas entered senate he started shouting he has never witnessed wickedness like this even in pdp......Ngige jumped ship and couldn't deliver his local government talk less of anambra....just like we all know umahi will not be able to deliver ebonyi so please sit down and face reality.

Forget those ones,they've gone with the wind, they've been inflitrated already, have you seen any mobilization from them? They are audio activists with their players under the water.

Must igbo rule this country? Must igbo or Yoruba rule? Fulani have proven to be the best rulers and we must appreciate them and be submissive. Note that the rule us well and provide us cow ontop. Is it easy?

wailing will later end it, bookmark this page, they will cry tire, if APC do anyhow, they will see anyhow, Obasanjo ruled under PDP, how is that related to Yorubas has done their tenure under APC?

truthfully nobody deserves anything unless they have worked for it, have the igbos put in the work to deserve a presidential ticket from the Apc?

come and hold elections and let's see how it goes....

You don't understand politics, he will win with wide margin if a youba man is on the ballot as president....

No shortcut to success is an old slogan I do hear since childhood, it is like it is not applicable to Igbos, small sense they are sharing into 20, for where? APC is no more ewedu and amala party? Not supporter of APC party again? They slaved for donkey year in PDP,now APC want to b their darling,fa fa,foul.

Kemi Adeosun was also thrown out not long for forgery. Every region has their own bad eggs, no side is perfect. 

Continue with your invectives on Yorubas, that will be your Achilles heel.

South west didn't not only gave votes but discontinued their established regional party for APC to exist.

Hmmm a wise man has spoken 

That's Easterns for you,APC will b foolish to give them ticket,will their people vote APC? Their plan is to scatter APC to give way to their darling PDP, wait and see, their 5% is inconsequential for now, we will teach them politics 101, by the time PDP brings in an SW or SS as their flag bearer.

No, on the contrary it would be a hard sell to the South west and North west. I don't think the South east will oppose a candidate from North central. I don't think that serves their interest .

You indeed have the time to discourse with bottom feeders, dregs of society, the reasons why this country remains stuck in infamy when other nations are making solid advances.
You will have thought that having seen the decay and terminal destruction of the state all will have come to their senses and sought for the right people but even on thei death beds they still hang onto sentiment....

Nobody hate SE, they must stick with PDP, when has APC became their darling party after so much hatred and abuse, is never done anywhere, it will do them like magic, Hausa/Fulani are not parasite again? Yorubas are not slaves anymore? you'll cry tire, day never break, bunch of clowns.

Never trust an average Aboki

Keep betraying and deceiving your inner spirit to call IBO names yes we are indispensably valueless people your spirit knows the truth

I have never seen yorubas this jittery..... wow ... politics is really funny.. who would have thought

some of you are shouting that you worked hard for APC sounds more like you worked hard to keep this country slow  impoverished and a shithole zoo, My uncle is one of the founding Fathers of APC just that he is not the noisy type, una go hear am very soon greedy selfish buffoons

People like you strive in a divisive and ethnic caucused polity. Nigeria is gradually leaving that phase and people like you with this mentality will become obsolete. It shocked you when oyo and ondo voted for pdp even with the tribal ranting that characterized 2019 election. Imagine what is gonna happen in 2023 when the entire country comes together and votes out APC, for now keep on saying rubbish believing Nigerians still think like you

South East is not interested in President, all what they want is Biafra.

Yes... Igbos have worked for it. Today some are busy doing their most to insure that others don't breathe and tomorrow they will pretend not to know they contributed in no small measure to the destruction of this nation. To see youths put aside equity and fairness just because of political power that may still not benefit the average Nigerian is disheartening. If you want to use the word "deserve", then you just mentioned igbo.... They re the most deserving of the presidency... Whether in apc or pdp.

You re just a baby..... The same way you flock to another man's land. The world is fast moving past you with your "our land" mentality. Land that you still have no say in. Don't go and make money and purchase properties... Be doing our land until your landlord becomes an Igbo man

This is just plain nonsense. The Ibos don't deserve the APC presidential ticket.
I hate hypocrisy. These guys for the last 5 years have labeled APC names, Islamic party, terrorist party, and have called Yorubas Fulani slaves because we supported Buhari in 2015 in APC. Suddenly, APC is now like a sort of sanctuary to the same Ibo who have consistently for years denied APC in both online and at the ballot box. By 2022, they will start another round of name calling when the APC gives the ticket to a SW'ner. Just watch how it goes.

Yes we worked for it. Let me tell you how. PDP is a newly formed party then and both the North and South had stakes in it.
Because of the issue of Abiola and how the North cut short his life, they thought of righting their wrongs and the Northern delegates mostly voted for OBJ in the Jos 1998 convention against Ekwueme who was also on the ballot.
OBJ is a military man with a nationalistic image, so the Northerners just thought the best thing for them at that time is to support OBJ because their interest will be protected.

For the record... Is igbo not ibo. Apc is not a Yoruba party. There re also igbos and south south people who re founding members too and yes, there are igbos who supported buhari in 2015. The rest of those childish things you wrote there shows you re taking nairaland way too serious for your own good. We re talking nation building not ethnic supremacy..... Wake up

Imagine how useless you are and even involving your southwest leaders make the whole thing nauseating.Your sophisticated leaders rallied around 'unelected Buhari' just to take over power after him.Infact you guys are very wicked. So you guys knew that Buhari' is unelectable and you convinced Zombies to support him just because of your selfish reasons.

Your hatred is much. Keep hating...

If the north wants to partner with the south east there's no problem, we all know how North/SE partnerships end and whoever even comes in after buhari will be largely decapitated, not to talk about the falling oil prices and raising debt, maybe it's time for SW leaders to take a break from abuja, the SW should look inwards and restrategize to put their homes in order by uniting the regions across party lines and taking a firm stand against economic migrants, we should also build and strengthen partnerships with our Yoruba cousins in Benin republic and Togo. Leave presidency for whatever region but still have an influence. The one who has the kings ear rules the kingdom.

As in and ee. Just because one governor, ordinary Dave umahi from the smallest state in SE decamped from PDP to APC. All of them are jittery, ranting here and there. I am just reading comments and laughing.

Yorubas don't need any region to align with them. They have oil, education, seaports, land, and above all, they are loyal and can be trusted! As per the 'refinery', that will also not be a problem. They will simply do what most countries do, invest for legal citizenship. They will grant citizenship to all those whose investments are above a certain range...

Nobody is jittery! Stop reading meanings into everything.

IGBOs ARE NOT LOYAL! TRUST THEM AT YOUR OWN PERIL!

Nobody dislike Igbos. Rather the Igbo's lack empathy. The insults the Yorubas have received from Igbos even as they have tried their best to be socially hospitable and accommodating to them.
It is unfortunate how Igbo leaders have been silent on that. Yorubas are now very uncomfortable with the present situation.

..." Equity and Justice... " Igbos don't know the meaning of those words. You are  such an entitled, narcissistic bunch. Equity means fairness. Are you guys fair? You constantly want to treat others in ways you don't enjoy being treated and ask to be treated in ways you would never treat others! Don't let me even start on justice!

Don't be kidding us, thinking you have sense. Your votes are barely 5%

You're sick if you believe APC will hand the ticket to an igbo man and you need to question your degree.

I have read most comments on this thread and found that arguments are skewed according to what tribe contributors belong. If APC is zoning their ticket to the south, then it must be open all and sundry and not restricted to a zone in the south. There is no need for anyone to be insecure or argue that their zone must get the ticket. Everyone should go and contest at the primaries, if your weight reach, you win the ticket and whoever wins let others support him. Simple!

Igbos are the most tribalistic Nigerians, while the least tribalistic Nigerians are the Yorubas. Igbos strategically aimed for the takeover of the Southwest and unfortunately, the Yoruba leaders were not woke enough to see it.
There is nothing wrong with being accommodating to your neighbours, but it is imperative that you must remain conscious so that your neighbour doesn't take over your household, sleep with your wife/s and father children that might not be loyal to you.
Something needs to be  done urgently before the Yorubas regret forever. Igbos are too entitled to be left to their own devices.. seriously!!!  

And if they deny Tinubu the ticket what the fuck in this hell of an earth will you do?

The greatest disservice you can do to yourself is believing in your lies. So as stupid as APC is, they will just hand their ticket to an igbo man? On what basis exactly? Do you deserve it and how? Igbo publicly humiliated APC, voting massively for atiku hence why buhari called you "5%". You need to ask for refund from your university if you ever believe an igbo man would clinch APC ticket. It's laughable.
You can float another party and build bridge with people you'd insulted so you can get the ticket but with APC, you're dreaming. Stop fooling yourselves online. You're not making any sense at all

You sound like one funny and uneducated dude.... You sell your property to a man and later you started panicking  that he is about to take over a property you legally sold to him. 

You can build a castle in your ignorance for all I care

I can't argue with you little boy. Time will tell

  see this one..... you think everyone is like you... I passed the days of wanting to be a landlord years ago..... most of my tenants are igbo and all of them are currently owing me at least 3 months rent..... but come December i know they will all be calling to give one plea or the other.

okay if you feel you deserve it, come to the house and collect it......

you can't argue because you have nothing to argue with..... you can't just come online and try to twist people's mindset and not expect to be challenged..... if you up to the task step up and be bold about, don't cower away.

The years you quoted are wrong!

I have nothing to argue with you kid. Go and caprisone and drink

 .... I will buy you ribena join.... just step up and show your points.... you started intellectually and now you are resorting to abuse, and you dare call me a child.... step up and show some balls.... don't be timid...

All this length paragraphs still no answer  " the gentleman agreement reached was to zone presidency to where" is that too difficult to answer.

Sighs, the way people display inhumanity to their fellow humans effortlessly and without remorse baffles me seriously. Anyway I can't say much because I don't know your mental state.
 
the typical ret@rded Igbo monkey in all his glory would give out his identity just to prove a point, shows that the only thing that gives you validation is little change you have; you're what we call a "money miss road" and I can bet my left ballsack that it will all be gone by the 2nd generation at most.... that's if you're really rich.

I thought you wanted facts...see how quickly you backed down with all the long English. A small boy that doesn't even know what a tax clearance  document looks like. OR C of O. That's who's fighting over Nigeria. Pure comedy..

Bro you talk too much and clearly have a little pecker... and yeah I don't pay taxes, I live a tax free life on Bitcoin, and you can go jerk off to your CofO....I don't give two shits. Kindly fuck off.

Let us wait and see. SW is not getting that ticket mark it somewhere

Who is holding the North?
Can any group hold another group back?

you still have a lot of uncashed cheques from Boko Haram and trans border bandits.............!! you want to add igbo stubbornness to the mix ! i pity that space called Nigeria ! your luck just ran out.

Thats all...... was just wondering if the Flatrons won't be ashamed to pitch tent with APC, or seek vote from the North they so much despise.. Truth is when it comes to politics, the Flatrons are learners ,they need POL 101, All they know is hate, and blackmail, and it wont work..... The earlier the Flatrons start rebuilding all the political bridges they've destroyed, the better...

How can a zone that contributed nothing to the party now clamour for zoning to their area. Let them ask their evil party pdp that they sacrificed their hope and future and which they followed blindly for the past 16 years to give them the presidency. Rubbish

You don't need Light or road na the East. If you ever complain Nigeria is not good, no money etc, the dog will chew your mouth.

People will cause trouble and still asking for the reason behind the trouble with Nigeria. No peace

Maybe Nigeria will be better in 2094

Very illogical rubbish!!! We don't need Ibo, Yoruba or Hausa to rule to promise land. We only need a good and credible leader even if he is Ibibio, Nupe or Itshekiri!!!

your comments lack logic.

Everyone of you that support the murder of unarmed protesters will be disgraced. You will look for tears but you will not find. For your information, Tinubu will be disgraced and he will never be President.

My friend, Igbos are Igbos!...If that's narcissism to you, I'm afraid we need more learning to do. I guess Igbos can't subsume their good wills and special way of life to anyone, and that's discomforting to some of you, but it is what it is. 60 years and still counting, we are still where we are in 1960s, discussing how Igbos are in some  people's weird imagination, domineering, narcissist, entitled, etc. I guess today, Igbos are not Nigeria's problem, but that is still not convincing...they must be upto something. Tell me what do you really want from Igbos?

FC for bad news, Lia Mohammed should swiftly regulate social media. Please NASS pass the bill for social media regulation oo, Boko Haram has been defeated technically. Social media is  causing a lot of insecurity in the north 

And the man who calls himself Nigeria's president is nowhere to be found... Baba never even come out to condemn the act. He has been desensitized to the extent that human live no longer mean anything to him

Mohammadu Buhari turning his back on those people who voted for him, this is heart breaking.
No matter what we may have against each other at heart; but I will not wish anyone dead. This  is so gruesome

Borno state is supposed to be a state of emergency already.

While the President is busy getting shocked then condemning, it happens again then repeats the same motions.

What is this for Christ sake. What crime did these men commit. This is so tragic. Whoever is responsible for security in this country please fix it.
It's obvious the blame game by the government is not working, let them take responsibility and retake Nigeria back from the hands of these unscrupulous terrorists.

Northerner's are trying o, 43 people killed and it's As if nothing happened life goes on, 5 people that is not confirmed rumoured dead in endsars the whole world want catch fire

i weep, this is heartbreaking

The North is on self destruct

I don't understand oh. Is it so hard to provide security for the people. I think say with money anything is possible. 

I think Boko Haram have been technically defeated. The north is safe.. this news is false..

Buhari is the most useless son of a jalloh in Nigeria political history! The most weakest and the most dumbest jalloh!! Buhari is a shame to the Fulani Nation!! Rip to the the innocent villagers that were gruesomely murdered in cold blood.

The Kanuri people had better woken up. This Boko Haram thing is starting to look like a systematic way to wipe out the Kanuris through the back door and make it look like coincidental victims of insurgency. Maybe it is because of Kanuri women are the most beautiful Northerners, I just don't understand. Boko Haram should leave Kanuri land and go to Sokoto, Katsina or Northern Kaduna. Enough is enough for all this rubbish! They should stop killing Kanuris.

This is disheartening. Our security is really in shambles!!!!

Fake news, no one died. Hope this is not another propaganda by the opposition party, it seems CNN wants to tarnish the good image of our darling daddy

This governor is really going through a lot. Condolences to the families of the bereaved. May God continue to protect the government and people of Bornu State.

This is disheartening

He should be burying his own people which he was supposed to protect.  What ashame to Nigeria government and soldiers. They should make sure they apprehend those involved not only peaceful protester who took what is rightly theirs

God have mercy

See people I am sharing a country with. Zick, why

I'm more than devastated.

This is the gift BUHARI brought for the Arewa people..... I am happy it is his regime all this is happening. Hypocrite claiming saint

God please save us

Are they all muslims for so many of them to be buried swiftly ?

You people should stop this propaganda and FAKE NEWS! NOBODY WAS KILLED! I WAS THERE !!! THE NORTH IS VERY CALM AND PEACEFUL!!

It is well

I think this boko haram guys are attacking farmers in other to scare them which might cause food scarcity. It's time the federal government open the border

This is very disheartening... They were killed while looking for their daily bread... I pray God comforts their families and bring an end to this nightmare in the North East

Do you have anything to do with their bodies?

The governor didn't give any promise to the people in his statement that such a thing would never happen again. He just said the same political nonsense.

For how long will all these continue to happen?

RIP to the dead...and may God grant the families the fortitude to bear the loss.... But seriously, what's the fuss about??
The north as a region see regulating social media as a threat than the insurgency in the North.

In saner clime buhari would have resigned by now.. but then this is nigeria.. enyoy your change.

This is terrible. Rest in peace to the dead. It's past time for all northerners not only to speak but act up by coming together and call spade what it is.

You reap what you sow. The Northern politicians have chosen this for their people. The people have chosen this for themselves!! They would rather hang a blasphemer, they would rather attack an actress for her dressing, they would rather destroy alcohol, they would rather condemn and attack protesters, they would rather call for ban of SM than criticize the president! Please enjoy the fruit of your folly in peace!!! The North is safe! Those are dolls wrapped up in white... in other words... Boko Haram didn't kill anyone...

This is very disheartening. May God Almighty have mercy on their souls and grant their families the grace to bear this loss.
If them stay house, somebody will say they are lazy youths and hunger go kill them. They decided to brave it and go to work inspite of the security challenges and were discovered massacred. I weep for Nigeria and for the people that still support this government, continue ooo. Your own dey for front

Black Sunday

He condemned the act already on twitter. As he did so, the act has stopped and won't happen again. That's if there were real killings o cus the families of the deceased have not come out to speak yet. thebosstrevor1 thinks the massacre in borno state is pure fake news because Nigeria is very much safe

What a tragedy, MAY their soul rest in PEACE, and to their family my deepest condolences, this should be a big worry for all Nigerians

Can't imagine the fear in those farmers eyes. RIP to you all 

Arewa the. Heartless cow come and show us pictures of bridges in Kano like you always do. Rip to the dead. My prayers are with the North. This is the problem the North is facing, not black Friday nor consumption of beer

Nigeria. See how you are wasting blood... And you want to be prosperous and peaceful... Nigeria change your ways

I just pity this Governor... A man who meant well for his people is faced with this holy shit called boko haram.. May all of them, there sponsors, there supporters and those who are seeing this evil and refuses to act on it never know peace all the days of their lives and to their tenth generation.
RIP to them.

This is fake news, CNN, if you dare feature it, we will take legal action against you. The pictures are photoshop, We need to ban Twitter and regulate social media

why don't you want to have sense? Have you sold your future for a loaf of bread? are you born to be bubus slave for life?

Nobody died... This is fake news

we know. Is it not the government that give them gun?

FAKE NEWS, NORTH IS PEACEFUL

Boko haram is technically detected, thank you lia Mohammad and federal government.

This is what it means to lead from the front, not bidding inside Aso Rock

like seriously I'm still wondering if this is human being we're talking about in this care free manner?? 43 human being slaughtered...

The North are hypocrite. They don't want to tell themselves the bitter Truth concerning the insecurity in their domain. 
I pity my YEYE southern brothers and sisters that keeps joining the Nigeria army only to be sent and slaughtered by Boko Haram... nonsense. And to the North, shey be na you dey government and also claim say na you get Nigeria bah, na you reward be that.

I am just curious at the prospect of BH who are fighting for Islamic state killing their prospective citizens. This BH thing sounds like a ploy to wipe out certain people from certain land. Have they found oil there? We know they fought civil war for oil and can always do that again.

Fake news. Boko haram has been defeated long time ago. Those bodies are just old pictures.  Buhari is actually  working . The real boko haram have repented and are collecting  salary for repenting, this is an edited  photo

But how come this? After all, Boko Haram has been technically paralyzed  according to Buhari government. To make Boko Haram and banditry stop business, the 12 northern Nigeria states that adopted unconstitutional Islamic Sharia criminal justice system must renounce the adoption. Boko Haram emerged after the adoption of Islamic Sharia criminal justice system, and says it's fighting for a Nigeria to be governed with Islamic Sharia criminal justice system.
If the states refuse to renounce their adoption of sharia criminal laws, dissolve Nigeria to save the southern regions the affliction of the poverty instituted by Boko Haram upon all in Nigeria.

see how you sounded so "neutral" here, if it was a news about igbos, you would vomit venom and trash

Were you there when they killed the 43 people were killed, please say what you know and know what you say

RIP to the dead.... Northern elders, Muslim leaders should open up about boko Haram... they knows everything about boko Haram...

Religion of piss

Why whatsapp? Are you afraid to air your views here? Sorry I'm not interested in hearing abuse or death threats on whatsapp.
If you are a man born from your mother's womb then prove me wrong right here. And yes everyone must leave islam and return to the faith of our ancestors. Enough of this bloodshed in the name of the arabic deity. Enough IS Enough.

the former was introduced by Yar adua who happen to be a Northerner while the latter, well a part blame actually goes to GEJ but his hands were tied as virtually almost every Northern elites were against him crushing BH. if you can back trace the President's comment on "An attack on BH is an attack to the North". well, the locals gave protection to Boko Haram to. So basically, the viper they notured has grown to maturity to keep biting them hard

You're insane

Funny the sai Buhari has turned his back against the very people that voted for him. Until the northeners revolt against this criminal in Aso rock, they will continued to be killed from his failed leadership.

Buhari, worst president ever.

This is disheartening...this Boko haram and banditry killings as some genocidal undertone..it's not a coincidence,people in government and some powerful people in this country are targeting some particular people in the north....! it's more than meets the eye!

The news is fake. Nobody was killed in Bornu .....it's an IPOB propaganda  

Let them keep chasing rats while their house is burning. They are more interested in IPOB and Rivers state. Haven't heard from MURIC

And the standard gauge rail lines Buhari is crisscrossing all over northern Nigeria up to Niger Republic, with gas pipelines Buhari is laying to drain gas from the south to the north and to Arab world. And with huge gas processing plants Buhari is building in some cities of northern Nigeria.

Well, insecurity is not the problem of your elders and Nigerian army... As far as they are concerned, North is safer than South, hence the justification for militarizing the whole of South East, with countless road blocks along the expressway, while where they slaughter and kidnap people like goats nothing like that... Not even a single checkpoint.
ENDSARS protesters and beer drinkers are more of pressing concerns to Arewa, Northern Elders Council, MURIC, etc... 
When the Northerners are ready to be free of this poor leadership, they know exactly what to do!!! I wish them well!!!

600yrs for you o..  As you can see the dead bodies.  Where are the dead bodies of your lekki massacre..  please don't drag us backward .  Stop acting so immature as well..

I hope Boko Haram are happy now. The painful thing is that if they are caught, efforts will be geared to deradicalize them rather than punish them

I have really suffered on nairaland that I can't express things the way it is without been gagged up in ethnic sentiments. My comments on igbo issues have always been fair , sound and loving.

That statement is meant for the president and not the Governor. If they kill all the muslims, who will be in the Islamic state they are fighting for? Tell Buhari to do something. I know you are close to him.

Everyone can see through what you're doing.

Where are the Hisbah? They should step up to defend the people rather than carrying out religious blindness terrorism of innocent citizens.

A fight against boko Haram is a fight against the north. That's what Buhari said. relax and enjoy, useless people

Learn to understand sarcasm when you read one. The guy was sarcastic.

Nigeria is a horrible country. Hard to hear this type of news in Ghana or Zambia and the rest. Innocent farmers farming to provide food for us are been slaughtered like chicken

The north never believe it when it happens to Agatu people, it call famers and headers clash by Mr. President, but today he hasten up commiserate massage to Jere L G A people.
To Mr. Lie muhamed, is fake  news when it happens to other places but real when it happens in the north. To Nigerians is normal when soldiers kill Igbo's and label them IPOB terrorist, when the self agitators never raise finger to anyone. But is omen when the same soldiers kill at Leki gate.
To BBC all that happening in Nigeria is not supposed to air for the world to know because they are control by government in Nigeria, but they are permit to air anything that can make the world to believe that northern Nigeria is under terrorist control and need help, or to tell the world that there's hunger, sickness, shrinking of rivers in just to divert attention of donor to Nigeria to focus on the north.
Is nothing new, is just farmers and Boronu militant boy clash. The militant passege root must be cave out to end the clash, also militant water way root should also be create in Jere to avoid this type of clash.

I fear who no fear that people with their religion. You slaughter your own faithful in the guise of fighting for your god? Such a shame of a religion!  

Just fuck you, man! Fuck you with the Jonathan blame...  Is Jonathan still the president? If you are blaming Jonathan because he was the president, why can't you even say the truth about Buhari who is presently presiding over the most clueless regime on earth and pushing nepotism to a new height, globally?
Is it Jonathan that said killing Bokoharam is killing the north? so is killing BH kid gloves? Wasn't it Yar'aduwa that did amnesty for militants? are you such a bigot that you can stand on the graves of slaughtered farmers and still try to push through you religious sectional propaganda?
Can't you even for the respect for the souls of these people slaughtered just stop the propaganda bullshit and blame game? can't you even for a minute tell your self the truth that Buhari whom you thought was an angel is presiding over the worse killings in Nigerian history? can't you just be honest even with yourself?
If you can't be human about the truth because Buhari is a Muslim northerner, then even God cannot redeem you! Woe unto you!!!!!!!!!!
But all the service chiefs are northerners from the same Religion of the herdsmen and Boko Haram, How can he sack them??

Keep fooling yourself 

a pointer to where their priorities lies. Only interested in power but never able to use the power to better their own people.
Its a shame that life can be lost and humans will just move on as if nothing has happened.

My brother, Northern Nigeria is horrible. Too many senseless people are living there. The once who fight for their god is more than those who practice the religion.

responsible citizens need to understand that when a region of a country establishes a paramilitary force to protect its civilians and space against attacks from people of other regions in the same country, there is no more one country in the country.

The Governor while speaking to journalists said, "It is disheartening that more than 40 citizens were slaughtered while they were working in their farmlands. Our people are in very difficult situations, they are in two different extreme conditions, in one side they stay at home they may be killed by hunger and starvation, on the other, they go out to their farmlands and risk getting killed by the insurgents. This is very sad."

just imagine. When people say Islam is a curse It will be like they are disrespectful but that's what I'm seeing

Life is cheap in the North... how will someone just decide to kill 43 souls for no justifiable reason.

I have been on nairaland since 2013, but hardly online, this my second account.. I have been seeing  your biased comments on here lately, so I had to quote you, though I hardly quote people. well, try and come out clean on every thread. stop the hatred

this your write up is fill of lies . no truth is what you said here and they are not from the Quran. those that have the translated Qur'an should read to see your lies and deceitful

Why dignifying a whole fool with response and giving an idiot your phone number. 

Shameless, hopeless, purposeless and confused OSU ipob. Keep wasting your life fooling around  

In fact, the first verse he quoted has declared him as a lier. I don't know what you want to gain.
Terrorism has no religion nor country. A terrorist is a terrorist...Whether black or white, whether Christian, Muslim or others... Let's be wise with our freedom. You just don't write for cheap attention.

I thought is your Lord and savior? No I don't agree, buhari is working and the north is safe. This is Photoshop and fake news

I guess some crazy people are saying it's fake news, that north is very peaceful, Omg this is terrible anyway RIP to the dead.

It is just an achievement to Islam,it is a follow to latern the course and laid down Qur'anic rules and ruling..Even I am a Muslim the others Muslim still regards me as an infidels.. Majority of the victims are Muslim who face their daily job to earn..The romance continue as usual

FOOL I'm not a Flatino. I'm your Master remember that.

This will continue to happen when this devil's get fair treatment from the most useless government since the history of the world. How can a government  boldly come out and say that they are rehabilitating people who are killing it's citizens like chicken.is that government serious in fighting terrorism. It will definitely go down in history that buhari is a calamity that have Befall Nigeria.

This is hate speech and you deserve a capital punishment, how dare you, Who are you to say such nonsense about our beloved President Buhari, You IPOB terrorists have been peddling fake news to destabilise Nigeria.
Who told you any villager was massacred by Boko Haram, Were you there,  Is any of your relative involved,  Where is the video of Boko Haram beheading THE
Please be careful with how you abuse Nigeria's President to avoid consequences 

Thanks Muhammadu buhari for your kind gesture in leadership. The people that voted you are sure to be proud in the progress which your leadership makes everyday!! Thanks more for your generosity, especially within the north... History will never be kind if your numerous achievement are omitted...long live, people's general and common man president. God bless you!

What do you want a lifeless man to come and do? To give life to the lifeless?

This is so wrong and bad in so many levels...is it a crime to be a Nigerian?

what are these lawmakers waiting for?  they should impeach pmb.

I know you are hurt and that's why I believe you are making a tribalistic Comment. May the Almighty Forgive Us all.

bokoharam killing farmers cultivating rice at Bornu,fulani men spoiling farmers crop in the south west.And minister of agriculture saying that the federal government will throw the key of border on lagoon. foolish Hausa leaders.lets the south west and east cut from the northerners regions those people are not leaders or human.

Fake news everywhere you go. This pictures are doctored, go ask lie Mohammed and the army. This is pictures from pdp 16yrs of miss rule.The government need to regulate social media. They want to bring baba government down and we the northerners will resist it

Buhari sponsors BH, we should stop pretending we dont know these. A leader who said "Blood will flow" yet Nigerians doesn't want to be smart.
Nigeria is supposed to be mentioned when you call great countries like the USA, RUSSIA, UK, but because of Religion and Slavery, that door has been locked

Do election today, Buhari will still win borno landslide. I stopped having pity for these guys during the endsars protest. 

The north is secure. This is fake news and Photoshop.

Charles Hebdo stuff! Should be borne in mind that Muhammad cannot rise in his defence but must depend on those who follow him to defend him! One is in he hope that Nairaland will not be bombed by terrorists any moment soon!

There are people whose only desire is to cause death and destruction.

You're not a flatin indeed, All your dirty BROKEN mud statues that couldn't save you from your slave colonial masters, is that what you worship? 

Deranged miserable people full this country o  

Does anyone know this fact? ZABAMARI is another Christian community in Borno where Bokonharam led by shekau had been unleashing terror since 2015. This is a fact Northern elites and our dumb president won't tell Nigerians but we know.

How can you even phantom such?? Stop pushing nonsense propaganda. Buharobdhould sit up please.

These are all Photoshoped.. The North is safe and habitable, Lies everywhere

There is no justification whatsoever for setting those supposed repentant Boko Haram members free! No logic can defend that idiocy.
Just imagine, armless and harmless people killed for nothing and the federal government's priority is IPOB, #Endsars protesters and social media relgulation?
I spit on the grave of the commander-in-chief of Nigeria armed forces and every other leader that has been docile in this glaring act of neglect and wickedness!

What business has a mud statue in saving me? Is a mud statue a God or an article used in worship?
Could your malevolent Arabic deity save these muslim Kanuri farmers? Instead it killed its own worshippers. actually your deity is not only evil. it is mad!

Which lawmakers....are you a joker? Can Satan cast out Satan?

Really illiteracy is rife in the North. Almajri educated f00l I am not a xtian. you can post whatever you like the truth is both are garbage.
and the point of this post was not to highlight islamic attrocities which is common knowledge but rather to unveil this so-called allah which is infact Muhammad in disguise speaking on behalf of this deity.

43 people killed just like that in a country and everywhere is calm.

fake news.....no dead bodies....just clothes wrapped on wood....no one should discredit our holy father buhari....we need to see the bullets if they are truly from serba
social media must be regulated to save buhari from fake news like this till 3020

Are you kidding me bro? Even katsina and buhari's village was attacked. The whole north dey feel the bite and crunch o

You people go to Aso Rock to pay homage to someone who is senile and far gone from reality then you return and bury your citizens. Your sin is even greater than the killers in Boko Haram and those negligent accomplices you run to Abuja every time to pledge your loyalty to.

Fear northernal people

I don't even know what to say...

In a sane country, all the security chiefs should be summon , grill, if possible sack and persecuted, but I pity this country we found ourselves

Everyone will surely get their due reward on the day of recompense. I pray that the perpetrators be punished in this world and the next. May Allah forgive the departed souls and grant them paradise. Aameen

I don't even know exactly what to say about BH. If all they want is Islamic state or Sharia or na external conflict cause am?

Buhari doesn't care

Tell us what your mud deity did when the Europeans evaded your land to rape your mothers, enslave your kinsmen and steal your treasures, The so-called statues were even stolen, And no word or resistance from your gods  
Today, a common yahoo-pastor will even burn down your shrine and nothing will happen, Don't you think that your deity is not only stupid but senselessly lazy to defend themselves? 

Where are the families to claim these bodies,  ipob and propaganda.. Audio massacre.. Fake news everywhere.


Allah people. Kill yourselves. We over here celebrate whenever you do that. Then on Fridays we still come here to read your comments. I won't lie for a hypocritical religion, your stories are interesting.
Mods will ban me for this, so as to save their heads from not getting lost to those under the religion of PISS

Yes, I'm angry. Because a country that cannot feed itself cannot survive. It takes a lot of dedication to be a farmer. They should stop killing farmers across this country 

The north stands to gain more from a restructured Nigeria or divided country but a few of them have succeeded in determining the fate of most of them.. Soon you all would start buying onions from. The south only then will your eyes be opened..

How can I believe this.......Is this story and pictures not photoshopped?.Is it not FAKE NEWS selling like our LIE MOHAMMED will speak?.A beg help me find out......... Minister of Information should investigate this news/story. Let's fine the TV station that broke the news

Conspiracy,, all I see... Some hoodlums have hijacked the media to paint the image of the presidency black..
The public are here adviced to neglect the idea of some enemies of the country  who works endlessly to stir up badly the already convenient environment made my President buhari with their doctored pictures and videos. No one was killed,,north is safe!

How wicked and heartless can the Nigeria government be. I feel for the families of those killed by these evil people. my question now is, Are Boko Haram spirit? of which I know they are not. I say this again if the Nigeria government continue like this Nigeria as a country will be once upon a time.

This is fake news. This news was posted to undermine  the good works of our president. The north is the most peaceful place in the country and bokoharam has been defeated.

When the terrorist herdsmen wreck havoc in the Middle-belt, the sympathizers of the terrorist group always craft a biased narrative that puts the carnage in the context of farmers-herders clashes. The killer herders come to people's homes in their native soil and slaughter women, children, fathers and clergies and the nepotistic government looks away calling it a crisis between farmers and herders enabling more blood letting.
Now the nepotistic central government, enablers and sympathizers of the terrorist herdsmen can lick their wounds as the beast has grown beyond control and turned on its own people.
Your shameless double standard disgust me. You know that this is the doings of same killer herdsmen. When the terrorist herders kill your people you call it the intolerable act of Boko Haram but when they slay families in the Middle-belt, it is just another violent clash between two warring communities of herdsmen and farmers. 
Your continued refusal to classify the killer herdsmen a terrorist organization is an assault on facts, history and proof. Referring to the wanton destruction of lives and properties and mass displacement of people from their home soil by the terrorist nomads as a farmers-herders clashes is a distortion of moral truth.
Now that you are haunted by what you enabled and defended with lies, you have lost all moral temerity to confront it frontally. Enjoy your nemesis.

Because they are not killing cows.. Let them kill one cow you will see Buharis true color

I will partly blame governor zulum for all these unessesary deaths why keep insisting and encouraging the IDPs to return to their various communities to continue with their farming activities when himself knows quite very well that bokoharam is very far from being defeated?

You can use the internet, just do the little you can, I know you  can't fight him, but always remind him that people are perishing and that security in the north is nothing to write home about.. I. Mean always do well to tag the idiot of a president especially on twitter.. Call him out Alennsar.  If almost every Northern man who uses social media do same thing, then just maybe the hegoat may do something.

Stupid northerners instead of you to fix your land you are calling for MNK arrest.. When protest is being carried out for the betterment of the country you will gang up and interrupt the protesters.. You are receiving your evil deeds... Until Nigeria is divided there will be no peace..

May God rest their souls. People that were already suffering so much they left their villages to go to a war zone to eke out an honest living. Their blood is on the hands of the C-in-c. These chiefs have failed woefully. 
Every single one of them have been due for retirement for at least 2 years and this corpse in the villa has refused to do anything.
May the misery of their families descend on those responsible from their killers to the person who could have simply continued the plan that was working years ago but has left the security apparatus to idiots who should not be there based on the constitution of this country.
What is it? We have a constitution many of his officials have exceeded their tenure but it is their father's house so they won't go!

If the northerns wants to end this, they can. But they won't because some group of People among them are benefiting from this nonsense

Its just sad a war that can be won within 3 weeks keep Going on forever, I wonder why they can't use the tactic used to defeat ISIS to defeat Bokoharam. Launch 20000 soldiers into the Sambisa forest, Bokoharam will be a thing of the past within 3 weeks

The north is safe and one, any captured boko haram must be rehabilitated and reintegrated back to the society.

You will just open your mouth and be spiting dust. Read my text well or look for an educated person around you.

I weep. These are people's relatives, fathers, brothers, uncles and so on..

Honesty I find it very very hard to have any pity for Nigerians , what o was told when growing up is that once beaten twice shy. Lets consider 2015 a mistake , was 2019 a mistake too? This isn't the worst slaughter happening in the north and more gruesome ones had happened during Buhari first term AND YET THEY STILL VOTED MASSIVELY FOR HIM AND HIS PARTY.  They knew about his incompetence , but the nigeria bandwagon mentality of " he is a northerner,whether good or bad we will vote for him" syndrome . You will be shocked that if Buhari contests for 3rd term , these same set of people crying will still vote for him and will shouting 

Just look at human beings. Lord, how long?

Oh yes. Boko Haram and banditry have been destroyed by the president long ago. Fake news

I will not believe this not until i hear from Lai Mohammed... This must be a fake news from pit of hell. Buhari is working and no amount of sabotage can stop his Legendary achievements

Fake News, you guys show not spread fake news against this government...let wait and confirm it first from Lai Mohammed. Boko Haram has been technically defeated long ago  

The presidency will only react and shock as usual... Within a week everything will go back to normal... I wonder why northerners are not holding this fussil in Aso Rock accountable for his incompetencies as they did during Goodluck Jonathan

He said he condemed it, waht else you want? Is nothing ever enough for you guys?

BH members are mostly kanuris. BH leaders are mostly kanuris. BH started in Borno which are made up of majority' kanuris, many northerners even the core ones see BH as a kanuri thing...The Kanuris are regretting allowing the whole thing to grow under their nose. Now many can't even go to their villages or communities

It doesn't matter from where a president of Nigeria comes from. What Fulani-controlled northern region wants is what stays in Nigeria; because at the voting in the Federal Executive Council, National Council of States and the National Assembly, the Fulani-controlled northern region has the highest number of votes resulting from the skewed and lopsided political structure of present Nigeria created by northern military dictators to favor northern region beginning  from 1967 to 1996.
No country formed by different regions ever used land mass as yardstick to proliferate too many states in a region with larger land mass, except Nigeria. The political structure makes southern politicians become like Lucozade to northern politicians.

The more reason I'm wondering why the Nigerian Army hasn't tagged it fake news. I mean it all looked Photoshopped. Even Lai Muhammed can attest to it.
More reason why social media has to be regulated. National assembly should please hasten up the bill so that it can be assented by president.

If those comments appear familiar to you, please I'm deeply sorry for the loss. That was exactly how we felt hearing shit from those in authority after the Lekki tollgate incident.
May God heal the land. Buhari isn't fit for a community head how much more a country.

rehabilitated terrorist and their 7 wonders, the northern politicians keep deceiving themselves. how many Burial ceremony is this clown going to attend and how many commendation oh I mean condemnation Buhari scam is going out to release out as press?
Northerners and Nigerians had been scammed, the earlier we come together to say no to Buhari incompetency and his bufoon securities thieves

We are not empty headed like you, Dumb. In fact, i liked and shared his post. No sane person will rate Buhari high when you talk of Security. He has failed woefully and we are not denying that..but when he does a thing that deserves commendation, let's give it to him. That's what we believe in

as if you wrote in Greek and it needs to be deciphered!! The lies about amnesty and Kid gloves just exposes your ostrich mentality. Keep lying to yourself gay! You just saw how stupid you sounded mentioning Jonathan in Buhari's regime and now you are claiming to have written something that can't be understood? it is better to be an illiterate than to be you!

I find this interesting because if you read the history of kanemBorno, what led to the collapse of that empire was also a case of radical religious extremism aswell. Even before Usman Dan fodio's jihad.

BLESSED ARE THOSE THAT MOURN FOR THEY SHALL BE COMFORTED. ZULUM IS EDUCATED AND IS A DEMOCRAT.

We don't condole rubbish in the south

That serves the Core North right for refusing to speak out against boko haram and romancing evil in the name of politcs and religion.

In as much as that old man is a national disgrace' please let us not make mockery of the situation over there, most of them are innocent and handicapped citizens, they cannot help themselves, may these monsters and those who sponsor them' the nairalnders that supports the sponsors all in the name of politics or any affiliation at all' never know peace thier entire life

Yes, therefore the blame should be directed at them not the chief of staff. There's a reason why he appoints these people.

So disheartening per se, our selfish leaders only show concern to their various farm poultry and whatever that concerns citizen is not their in agenda,stupid set of people. RIP

Zulum the only sensitive and useful governor in the whole Nigeria. See how he console and felt with the people, meanwhile, one man who calls himself a president will send tweets through social media aide to condemn and do nothing. Buhari and all wicked politicians especially those in the military, what have the poor masses done to you?

My issue is, if you are the head of a company and the people you employed aren't doing their jobs or aren't doing it as effective as it should be done. What is the logical course of action? The president doesn't seem willing to take the logical action required.

I was thinking that they said they have defeated boko haram ? where is this one coming from?

Useless government. Innocent kids have become fatherless and wives turned early widows  

Please His Excellency Muhammadu Buhari I beg you in the name of whatever you believe in make security,food supply, education and healthcare including power (light) your top priorities. Please I beg you and forget other things. For God sake I admire and trust Buhari in 2015 to fulfill all his promises but lo and behold he disappointed, I believe more Nigerians are in the same position as me. Buhari you can still change the situation.

FAKE NEWS! IT NEVER HAPPENED! NO LIVES WERE LOST! Buhari till 2027!  

Thank God you did not blame Jonathan.

Don't you think someone that's affected can see your post? How would that person feel? Did you thought of that? Now is a friend to my neighbour that's among but I feel more sad reading some comments here, it isn't joke

Sadly people with your lack of critical thinking full Nigeria

One nairalanders was saying that it was a fake news. No human feelings at all. 40 human being and his empty brain said it was a fake news.

Spot on ! May God bless you for this ! I do not pity them ! Yes,I repeat ,I do not have any pity for those hypocritical lots ! Can anyone imagine what would have been happening by now if a Southerner was the President ? Those fools have lost their voices and their penchant for violent protests because Buhari, a tribal bigot from the north, is in charge now !

They have been bewitched. Because of power they have allowed fulani to slaughter their people at will.
 
At the end, the power will still elude them. That of Niger state will shock you more

Nigeria had been hijacked long ago. equip urself with weapon if you are serious about taking it back. Nigerian is no more a country but a company.

Funny but what you said is really what Nigeria has been reduced to.
 
You are very interesting human. Let me just leave it at that.

May God have mercy on the dead. RIP.

May Their Souls Rest In Peace

Now, I know you are a brainless, shameless fool.

Yet another illiterate fool. But your master and god apprehends book haram members , treats them like first class citizen and sends back to continue their wicked trade

its a fake news by minister of information.

"Early"? So your eexpectations are for men to die first abi? Why are girls this selfish and greedy?

They have to shut down Norths for 2 years.

Are the Saudis, Kuwaitis, Bahranians, Qataris, Turkish, Malaysians,etc not Muslims too ? Sizeable percentage of Yorubas are Muslims too ! So what's the noise about Islam ? The truth is that Nigerian northern Muslims are hypocrites who always pretend to be more Islamic even than the Imam of Mecca !
To understand the problem of the north,the Usman Dan fodionic's era has to be revisited. The foundation for everything that is happening in the north now and generally in Nigeria,was laid in that era. 
The Hausas have to free themselves from the shackles of slavery of the fulanis for north to experience peace and developments. Fulanis are the problems of both the north and Nigeria.
You may not understand my point.

I weep for my North East, where did we go wrong here that 43 people's were massacred in day? What is Buharri government doing for God sake every day we would be hearing bombing of camp this camp that, Burittai and Buharri God must surely judge you for loose of innocent Farmers life. Buharri government is  worst so far in history of our country and the entire North because no Northerners has this bad luck.